You will be fine as long as you don't go out in public and say it out loud, which to be honest, would be a pretty stupid thing to do.
Dark money, untraceable, and positively soaked in vodka.
Cheap as in price, not quality. There are many small local businesses we could go to for most of the things we get at large retailers, but nobody is willing to pay extra to support them or settle for smaller selections.
What a cheap post. Don’t disagree with you, but this seems like some low hanging karma fruit.

You said we shouldn’t be allowed to kill anybody. 

Then you said only in self-defense we should be allowed to kill someone. 

I’m just curious what your actual stance is, because your voice is important.
Conditions suck

Oh good.

So anyone who supports these filthy drink-the-toilet-water concentration camps can, what's the word?  fuck off.
Being “in high school” can refer to age. It doesn’t mean they went to the same school. Either way, this is straight out of the sleazy Dem playbook and something to hang a cloud over a spotless career
the POTUS himself read something surely written by the Saudis themselves.

It was funny (not), a 5 year old could have done that job, reading that paper.
If a party is leading, the accepted wisdom is to keep quiet about it so that their voters don't become complacent and stay home because "we're going to win anyway".
Fair point, but i really do think these people are just scared of everything. Their whole worldview is based on being afraid of every possible "other" group coming after them. Their ethos is basically "the world is scary, arm yourself."
the USSR, flawed as it may have been, guaranteed the right to free healthcare, etc!

And mass political assassination was also one of their policies.
Thank you for the clarification! Sometimes it’s difficult to keep track of all of these plans.
Milos too fabulous for that hideous ass outfit
Well don't you get it? With communism we'd all be so poor and destitute we'd not be able to contribute to climate change. Get dunked on capitalism!
It's all about getting hot at the right time. A few weeks before the Iowa caucuses is definitely the right time. #presidentsanders
As an ancap... How to fit the parent child relationship into a framework of property rights. Not that anyone else has better ideas, but I have never heard a satisfactory libertarian/ancap model proposed. 
Any opportunity to debate each other should be taken. We need a candidate with real plans who won't be shaken. The only way to beat Trump is to be unflappable and rock solid on your platform, your plan, and the facts. If they go fight on his terms they've already lost.
"It’s one of the reasons why I broke down into ugly sobs so hard I was bent in half on the floor last night. I was howling, like someone was dead. I kept on screaming “it hurts.”

What in the goddamn
You did realize, that Russia is the second biggest arms exporter on earth? So by your logic, every other country except for the US is starving and dying and barely keeping the lights on.
I recommend you to consume less shitty media.
FLOTUS is absolutely stunning, as usual.  &lt;3
You have to keep giving them money, they’re starving for a reason. It never ends
*puts poor black people in prison as AG of California, majority of whom are from disenfranchised areas*

Also Harris: why don’t people think of me as their savior?
No. I'm saying **even less** money is going to the DNC before. Compounded with their damaged reputation, means less power than before.
Are you actually thrilled that some people may have become destitute?
Help win the next special election!

[Fill out our survey]([URL]) to get election reminders and volunteer opportunities near you.

[Donate to win]([URL]) upcoming special elections.

[Volunteer from home]([URL]) in upcoming races!
that's the place where all the muslim rape gangs were allowed to operate yeah ?
The comment was "Trevor Noah low key" so like
I agree with you, but I think his point is valid in that many voters are not going to be reading white papers and are likely putting a lot of stock into tv ads. Sad but true. 

And the GOP hate machine was pouring out rivers of shit on Clinton. Buttery males and all. 
With the paper thin prison sheets, of course! He tied off on a bunk he had no business having in his room, tied the paper thin sheet around his neck, bent over on his knees, broke multiple bones in his neck, and hung. What’s so hard to understand?/s
I haven't heard that the door was actually ajar. Not all of them close that well.
"Does not bode well for the general population" would make an excellent slogan for every Tory election campaign.
Aside from the population the agricultural consumption, which nearly every single person in the US contributes to is huge.  I dislike Phoenix's water consumption but their lawns and pools aren't the sole contributor to the Colorado running dry.

It's a shitty hot take accompanied by bad math.
Even the EU wants to fight this, because they want to punish anyone buying anything from Russia (or something similar).

We get most of our natural gas from Russia, there are hardly any alternatives, and we really like our industry and not freezing to death in the winter.
I think that's a fairly black and white view of things, but I don't disagree. Truth is, the Democrats had over a 100 year rule in our state, and while it was mostly good, it wasn't exactly spotless. 


Right. The only thing missing are these perfect, angelic leaders who will not act in their own self interest. That’s all.
Also the guy who sent pipe bombs to Soros and the leadership of the Democratic Party. His van was plastered with MAGA bullshit. 
I certainly agree with your second statement. Especially considering trump has already exhausted everything we typically use to help ease the burden of recession at a time when we didn’t need it at all. 

? 
Right, this was so calm. So calm the media didn't even bother reporting on it because it was so normal and mundane.
Me thinks it’s because they’re waiting for the senate trial to testify in a much more open and fair process. Proceed, enjoy the
Show. [URL] yet he persists.
Donny Dumbfuck ... you are a special kind of something!
This door would never be considered "ajar" -- look up that word. Partially open, open a crack, not locked. The Sheriff used very precise language. This door is many things but it is not "ajar."
Try being black
The author missed the mark, but other studies show what real bad boys are - Dark Triad men, and those kinds of men are *insanely* successful with women. One such study (one of many) is linked in the first response to this thread.
He thinks exercise is bad for you
Thanks for the list. it's a good thing to keep handy.

[‘Still looking for Iraqi WMDs?’ & other most memorable quotes from Vitaly Churkin]([URL])
Even if there was it's not like it would be an honest or satisfactory explanation.
No idea. He’s a Bernie supporter for sure, and in that group on Reddit, it can be difficult to tell who is legitimate and who isn’t.
This really reads like you just want to defend Donald Trump and don't really care about anything beyond that. Many of the allegations against him deserve further investigation, but I'm willing to bet you'll say that all possible angles have been exhausted and we should just stop, right?
As noted in another response, the specific bill I find unsettling is the [We The People Act]([URL]). Anti-war is one thing, but sponsoring legislation like that makes me very cautious about him.
There are Quiet Professionals and then there are SEALs.
I could listen to this man all day and never get bored. He speaks with such emotion. 

GOP members could take a few lessons of how you conduct yourself in the right manner. 

Screaming and shouting doesn’t get your point across as much as cool, calm and eloquently put facts.
I cannot see this video for a couple hours.  May a please have a reliably-sourced skinny on Q?  A link would be fine.
Only if someone actually charges people which I doubt sleepy Jeff has the balls for or Trump has enough congressional support to get a real attorney general nomination in if he fires him. 
Gohmert is cheating.  Same reason they needed to set Sam the Ugly dog aside from competition.  Gotta give the others a chance.
They are wasting many courts time in many different states.  NY, MA, CA, and others.  It's a ruse to get press, but isn't going to work and will likely backfire.
Never seen a satisfactory answer to this question.

That's on you, frankly. Nukes are fairly cost prohibitive for most private citizens, and the ones that can afford it have a vested interest in other power games. Armed conflict is expensive.
Parliament is supreme, whether it's an absolutist monarchy or an absolutist executive only a fool would try and challenge this.

History is fairly unkind to those who try and overrule Parliament.
That one SC poll is pretty old. You should maybe check out some recent numbers. Also, nice whatabout.
He's screaming so you'd hear his loud ass anyways
Just another racist piece of shit that got what he deserved.  Enjoy that silly straw, dick.
I wanna say democrats have been pretty consistently unhappy about the electoral college since Bush v Gore at the latest.
Stunning.

Just a stunning display of electoral and media prowess, commonly seen here, at the_donald... But sadly far *too rare in the parched normies wastelands where most die of dank malnourishment.
no restaurants charging a lower price to customers so they can either eat more (since everyone is hungry) or keep more money for themselves instead of idly giving money to the "hungry" who in recent years have soaked up that 60 years of coverage in 5 years.  
How? The DOJ is headed up by Barr, the old Iran-Contra fixer handpicked by Trump, who will prosecute nothing he does. Trump’s lawyers are *literally* arguing that he could shoot someone on 5th Avenue and not face indictment while in office.
how about his own [URL] that work for you?

[URL]

[URL]

Would be delighted to sign federal ban on all abortions. (Nov 2007) 
Would welcome overturning Roe v. Wade. (Mar 2007)

not to mention it is the 'offcial republican platform' 
Dragons are cold-blooded. They use their fire to heat up the pile of gold to stay warm inside their cave.
There were plenty of dark skinned people in real Eastern Europe.  The books not including them makes them less realistic, not more.
Yeah, you should post that article about when he spoke at the NAACP, resulting in deafening cheers. 
 What's the argument for that

Lack of any evidence to the contrary.

 Are you suggesting that there are adequate living conditions across the globe?

I'm saying why would the population grow under bad conditions but not under good ones?
Big question now does this mean real spending increases or freezing spending. Keeping public services at current capacity or increasing the capacity outside of demand. Obviously going happen under brexit flag. 
Yup. 

Not one more dime. Lay down with the dogs, get up with the clap. Sorry, Big Bird, but your fate is no longer in my hands.
Of course he will. He's one of the most intelligent in there.
fuck off.  i'm just translating the point that apparently your brilliant minds missed.
No no no! *Collateral Muder* was ***Chelsea Manning***’s baby and always has been. It’s why she was sentenced to 35 yrs and is currently a political prisoner for not testifying before a grand jury. Don’t get it twisted.
It helps that 60% of SC black voters don't even know him. I'm sorry but Warren at 6%, Sanders at 11%, and Pete at 4%  from the SC Q poll isn't much of a difference.
for simply asking for proof.

"I'm just asking questions!"

See, your problem is that most people are not as dumb as you are and can see past transparent agendas like this.
They keep abusing labels and making them pointless.

Take what they did to rape.  Man violently having sex with a child is now a sexual emergency while a drunk white guy having sex with a tipsy women who is into him is rape.  The word has lost all meaning.
and given the state of white-identity politics, the whites will win again! winning winning, so tired of winning!
I mean i guess you could argue trump because Schiff always looks scared for some reason but that notion completely disappears once they both start talking and trump sounds like a 5 year old that’s tipsy
Got a link to that? A buddy of mine is compiling instances in which candidates (mostly sanders and yang) are inexplicably omitted from candidate reporting, and this sounds pretty egregious.
JAPAN meets big D, loves it, both sides are coming to a satisfactory arrangement.
No 10 is probably delighted. Not many stories could have broken that would have overshadowed the 50bn EU payout, but this managed.
Dems just won big in 2018 and it wasn’t because of AOC or bernie sanders they won it because suburban moderates like moderate dems.

Yeah, turnout definitely didnt increase because people expected them to fight Trump tooth and nail instead of having the speaker dissuade people against impeachment. Kerry/Gore 2020 or something.
First, just because you don't see it plastered all over the news doesn't mean that his supporters aren't criticizing him for various things.

Second, you make the assumption that legalization of marijuana is something that all the Obama supporters want...
We have many former Bernie supporters who say otherwise. Feel free to search this sub and its up to you if you believe them or not. Going by how I've witnessed Bernie supporters act on here and Twitter, I believe them. 🤷
I don't know why them paying proper taxes to the countries that afforded them the opportunity hoard so much wealth in the first place is such a difficult concept for some people to understand.
you’re promoting is that black people have a “victim mentality”

I think I pointed out not that they have a victim *mentality* but that they were **literally** victims **legally** until as late as 1977, arguably longer.
One has to apply the principle of charity here I think. It is fairly obvious that she is talking about traditional conservatives in that interview. 
I dont particularly care who she finds attractive. But to claim that she's talking about white nationalists is being disingenuous.
You’re happy enough with legions of obese kids, I see.
These poor Judges have such a hard choice to make!. Actually interpret the law or make those in power happy!. The pressure!
I am so sorry for your loss. Dobermans are absolutely gorgeous. Yours was stunning. Bless his heart. Such a shame the vet couldn't save this lovely. This seriously makes me [URL] heart goes out to you.
Indefensible territory post Las Vegas. Idiotic to think he could support those being available otc at Cabella’s after that.


Not the momma.

Obligatory:

[I'm the baby. Gotta love me.]([URL])

If you pay attention you'll also see Moscow Mitch.
Because the real enemies of equality are the people who want to find workable solutions that are palatable to the public, not the neofeudalists in power!
This is super old news though....
While I applaud your enthusiasm but that's a big no to open boarders.
You're right, I am upset. Because I don't want to see the Kurds meet the same horrific end as the Armenians. But let me guess, that's another lie right?
This tweet is making me hungry
4-6 weeks later, a letter arrives. Sea stained, damp and bearing an original Penny Black. Written in runic script, the only decipherable text is "cultish_alibi" and a phrase that appears to resemble "shitpost".
TIL $2800 is the point where you buy a campaign. 

It's a small price to pay for being a puppet master of a political campaign.  I wonder what ambassadorship I'll be granted at the price point, I'm thinking someplace warm.
They’re bent on the US’ destruction.

Fuck the ADL 
Fuck the ACLU
Ah yes, clearly their unbridled strength here.

Angered Black woman is angry.
I hope Diamond and Silk can break into mainstream media at some point! They are such gorgeous spirits. They need their own show at OANN
Hard to believe Corbyn is 70.
The names that come before "[URL] viewers like you."

Specifically the Koch Brothers and the donor class in general that can do things like control what words NPR is allowed to use.
Plus the sugar for the same reason, yeah. Though I'd have gone with coffee or just water, still. Sugary soft drinks leave me so parched and the more nervous I am the worse it gets, though.
who the fuck elected that ugly retard?
Someone get Amy a comb so she can eat and calm her nerves.
im so tired of Doug Collins and clocks and calendars.
[URL]

Texas allows for two hours paid if the an employee does not have two hours of consecutive time  while the polls are open.
Not brilliant but he used to be more coherent
Yes. How many years ago was that? 3? 4? He hasn't talked about it in ages and everything else he releases is unrelated and pretty quality content.
Pretty much the left's MO.  It can never be something that they've done to themselves.  "I'm fat, it must be the fork manufacturers"
Got 2/3 into it and couldn't stomach any more of it. This is such enormous BS from a pretention know-it-all writer who's only talent is seething jealousy.
On the one hand, dank pictures of saints. On the other hand, dank geometric patterns.

Synthesis:

1. Pictures of saints made of enormous geometric patterns.

2. Enormous geometric patterns made of pictures of saints.

Quick, where do I get venture capital for ecclesiastical buildings?
You’re the one preaching that gender is a social construct and everyone is unique. In no way am I the snowflake in this scenario, faggot.
 rapidly growing albeit quiet

So how did you find out about it?
Prove why it is faulty rather talking about this peripheral bullshit. 
They decided it just wasn’t worth the extra cost of heating their studios with all of their snowflake viewers pouring in!
eating two scoops of ice cream is neither a high crime nor a high misdemeanor.

neither is a perfect   phone call, or refusing to cooperate with an unconstitutional sham.
ITS HIDEOUS *runs for the hills*
Funny how he says "whoever the hell that is," but somehow he knows he is controlled by Pelosi. Impeccable logic!

It's amazing how Republicans vilify Pelosi for basically everything. If you took them at face value, you'd think everyone was an android controlled personally by Nancy Pelosi.
Holy fuck, that skin hasn't seen an ounce of moisturizer or sunscreen ever. I have leather boots better conditioned than this saddlebags parched face. It'd be an insult to cattle to call this cunt's face beef jerky. 
Oh, [apparently it was egged on by fat activists]([URL]+BrianPaone/posts/eVo9i3m3HQ8).

Which makes no sense because QC has a chubby girl as a main character who's badass and everyone has been in love with her at some point....
It's their coach blowing a whistle. I thought it was funny.
4 times a day. That must be one really hungry bum.
Even a cheap &lt;$20 DE razor with some Feather or PolSilver blades will put you in business for a fraction of the yearly price of garbage plastic cartridge razors.
don't say that stuff I am a little tipsy, I played a drinking came, a glup of beer every time somebody said America or American, was going to down a pint when they said "god bless 'Merica" but it never happened. 
I met a man recently who was a flat earther and a Trump supporter. Truly stunning. Almost wanted to tell him about this great opportunity I have and sell him a bridge...
Because one good reason is that a majority of felons are for non violent crime like weed possession.

Then again, when you get out of prison, isn’t your sentence supposed to be finished? Well not in the american way of fucking everyone up.
But sane people understand Nuance.

*said to obese man who ambled up to them in public to force a debate.*
Willie Geist is unflappable.  Always holding down the fort while everyone else is losing it on MJ.  
Filthy. Ugh
I'm a little confused, so as long as "needs" are not scarce, capitalism is ok?
275 of those bills passed with bipartisan support: 

[[URL]]([URL]) 

Which of those were you referencing as wet garbage?
It absolutely is criminal. It’s cut and dry child abuse
[URL] people are so asleep you are one of the few who's ever balked at my eeyore-like comment, so carry on, joeyjojo, carry on! 
This is a new low for the hill, and as far a media goes, it doesn't get much lower than "nazi rag".
Yeah and weather is getting more extreme on both ends -- hot and cold. That's why we're saying climate change and not global warming now
a political and economic theory of social organization which advocates that the means of production, distribution, and exchange should be owned or regulated by the community as a whole.

Every tiny example of the state running something is not socialism.
thank you google for sending me into the ass end of the boonies to find a restroom. an old state park's bathroom with a malfunctioning motion sensor light. otherwise very clean but very worried i will be murdered. if i don't post again pretend i was witty and cool.
I called my local MPs office and they were delighted to have more people volunteering
TIL MPs don't actually do anything and it's not a real job.

Thanks for this intelligent enlightening comment.
It looks like it would fit pretty snug if you have no testicles.  
This is precisely the attitude that got Trump elected in the first place. I would not vote for Hillary, even though she was constantly being crammed down our throats. I just didn’t vote. Trump supporters are nasty but Hilldog supporters could be just as nasty
Get ready for lots of sob stories from "impoverished" doctors and hospital administrators about how Trump's new rule has made it difficult for hospitals to operate.
So what is the timeline on this destruction?

I don't know. How much of the separation of powers and checks and balances needs to be rendered non-functional for the Constitution to be considered effectively subverted?
Agreed. Simple having the federal government use our tax payer dollars to cover healthcare at the current costs would be ridiculous. We need to address and correct the high costs of healthcare before we tell anyone to pay for [URL] or public.
It forces the entire species to prop up the faulty members and thus allow them to carry on their genes/behaviors/customs/location instead of dying off.
That wasn't funny if you intended it to be.
Why not both? Eat the filthy rich evil bilionares who stole from and corrupted the whole world and tax the slightly richer than most people at a higher rate.
In other news, early yesterday morning scientists determined that water is, in fact, wet.
Most politicians are.  Including Republicans who would be categorized as "never Trumpers."  Trump is different because he tells you exactly what he wants to do, why, and then does it.  It can be unsettling for those who love fake lying American Indians or mayors of small towns with high crime rates.
That would make for an interesting discussion haha.

I'm going to have to argue against both killing and starving though xD.
Yes lets have sick germ carriers wondering around the rest of us.
Just be happy with the fact that he didn't call the interviewer fat, then challenged him or her to a pushup competition.
You think she's pretty? Sure, in that "my skin is so tight, I can no long open my eyes," pretty.
... why attack Christmas? Keep your attacks to the fat white guy in the White House.
Isn't that more "GMO in principle" rather than a blanket statement on all GM? 

I'm under the impression that each individual modification would be unique and the resulting food would still need to be conclusively tested (ideally over multiple decades) to be declared safe to eat.
It's called "tone policing"

[URL]

 (Content Warning: mention of transmisogyny and violence)
Obama? Spotless administration?

Fuck off, Joe.
It’s complete asymmetrical warfare. Bernie has never worked in the justice department, so he’s squeaky clean because he gets the benefit of the doubt.
Trump likely believes it himself...
They ARE spotless. They MAKE SURE of it.
Nasty people are probably forcing her to stay, or it's not her at all.
I believe the part that violates the constitution is holding the seat open after a President nominates a candidate. By not giving "advice and consent" they are taking the power away from the President to appoint a judge.
Obligatory reminder that r/antifa is squatted by alt-right fascists, and isn't an actual antifa sub. 
It is too bad that Trump is corrupt and undermining the economy, and people excuse it. BTW, if they were a silent majority Trump would have received more votes in 2016, not less.
This is just one of many gorgeous conservative women! 
What was unkind or ungentle about the train video?
It's the closest thing you'll ever see to honesty from the Republican party. They're sick of having to spew bullshit. They're just going to start asking "Yeah but what are you going to do about it?" instead.
The facts are irrelevant to Republicans. 

"yay Trump" makes you their friend (if you're also white and conservative), "boo Trump" makes you their enemy. 

This is true for Republican Reps, and 90+ percent of their anti-American voters.
Prety rare to find a religious anarchyst tho
 “Imagine having your revenue streams completely cut off simply for stating that you wish to secure your own existence!”

Imagine being defunded because companies didn't want to face a boycott for supporting genocide!

Obligatory Womp Womp.
Why does Andrew Sheer have the same eyes as furbies. 

It's quite unsettling
their idiotic irony is killing me.
I am not defined by or responsible for your assumptions.

The internet is a fountain of sewage water, it's not some benevolent, perfect source of unquestionable truth.
And don't forget she has no knowledge of anything related to the investigation. At all. She's just angry she got fired and somehow we're supposed to think that's relevant.
[Hideous $4,000 boots.]([URL])
I mean that is not a justification. Do we tell districts affected by politics that they are not allowed to vote on matters that personally affect them?
It is a harder goal to achieve then an actual money amount because unique donors are needed. Tell everyone around you to donate atleast one dollar.
At least he was smart enough to go out on the boat and drink himself calm in private.
Really hard not to say the Dems don't hate America.
If the dnc allows 384 people to be a large enough sample to create a qualifying poll, anything else should be qualifying as well.

My mouth dropped when I saw that data last night. *THREE HUNDRED EIGHTY FOUR* people.
Imo In the context of 9/11 its not fair to compare Cristian proselytizing to muslim proselytizing. The attack was done by muslims acting in the name of their twisted version of islam. Imagine if Christians tried to propagand in the wake of the abortion clinic bombings
What about the toxic nuclear waste?

Not saying nuclear is not an option, only asking about a big known con
As a sign of good will, London should release more terrorists from prison
Isn't that like saying people in Houston are coming back to a damp basement?
Picking him would be as idiotic as was McCain choosing Palin.

Agreed.
I know that Rs all over the country dgaf about me, but as a North Carolinian, I feel like our Republican State legislators are especially brazen about subverting Democracy, no thin talking points needed, they love to show us how much they don’t care.
Won't someone think of the poor mass shooter who might burn his hands on a hot barrel? Or get hearing damage because guns are loud?
Wholesome content
This would require a level of introspection that is unavailable to them.

They are too busy lighting cigars with their wads of cash to be concerned with such petty things...
He was physically exhausted as he was pulling 15-18 hour workdays leading up to the election.
They're all hoping that they die before it's brought to light.  And they all think it can happen.
Doesn't matter a fuck ... what the UK is looking for is coordinated action on Russian finances from allies and 3rd countries. If we make a water tight case SC veto means nothing (spoiler - you can't veto another country freezing your dirty money.)

2008: We will be the most transparent administration in history

Goes on to lock up any whistleblower they get their hands on
Hey,

I just wanted to say that I appreciate that you come back to read my notes. I hope you're lmaoing as much as you can in these dark times. Safe travels. 

Your friend in *lmao*,
MoistCopy
I'm going with David Attenborough. If he's unavailable, I'm sure John Cleese could spice it up a bit.
I mean I know “Godwin’s Law”, and such. But this reminds me a lot of when Jesse Owens won gold in the olympics in Berlin, and Hitler was highly annoyed that a black man won, rather than an aryan one.
In Ohio red light cameras have been illegal for a long time so you know what the money hungry government does? They still use them but they send it as a civil matter rather than a criminal one so if you don’t pay it. It impacts your credit score.
It doesn't look like Barr is any more useful than Sleepy Sessions.
Imagine not being allowed to be an independent.
No. Consistently huge rallies, enormous fundraising muscle and much of that fundraising coming from new people in the movement - not to mention the longevity of the movement in spite of losing in 2016 show large scale, national pattern of growth.
I’m not “woke” by any stretch but I think it’s important to ensure safety of all citizens, regardless of how small they are of a population.
As someone involved in NY politics, in a decade NY will flip red or at least Republicans can make it competitive. 

People are unhappy with De Blasio and Cumo. 
his side ass 

Is that like "side boob?" It's so unsettling, I just can't get settled
They're oddly adamant that they're not T_D2.0 but I think that stems from their stunning lack of self-awareness
Id like to know about these people.  I count four in the senate, and when push comes to shove they vote with the crowd and mumble inaudible platitudes about oh how disappointed they are.
I think he's reading this out loud because he enjoys it.
Nuclear power would be fine with private companies as long as their is tight regulations and auditing.
Great men do not seek power; they have power thrust upon them.

\-Kahless the Unforgettable


Not on this sub. The large majority of users are left wing pro-Corbyn
Its an unsolvable problem. The solution is to minimize the jobs the gov must perform, e.g. having less regulations and less gov bodies 
SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS

I'm parched
As much as I’m wary of government censorship being done in the name of my best interests, I’m even less inclined to believe that big corporations like Google and Facebook will act in my best interests.
Uhm tasty
This is why we as a species will probably go extinct in my lifetime. Or at least get the ball rolling. 

Profits over progress will kill us. 

Ugly rock staying off Twitter would instantly give it better approval ratings.
When there are no poor left to vote then the tories win every election so it's probably exactly what they want. [URL]
I literally died when I saw your progress score. Ew. Also this has silly confirms that your a socdem
Yes this is how low we've sunk.
He said he would not leave it up to his AG, never mentioned if his AG didn't recommend it. You can make your point across without fat out lying.
Lol yeah I was watching live on yang stream everyone was packed into that small area like sardines and music I think was loud
It’s not hard to figure out that Trump is a monstrosity, but he still won, and might well do so again. People are selfish, pure and simple.
As if the original wasn't hideous enough, why do we have to rip it off so blatantly? I hate how reactionaries in this country piggyback off American political culture.
They become defensive, because they believe MSNBC and the NYT before they believe [URL] is very difficult, if not impossible, to unwire so many decades of bad programming!
This is an excellent analogy. Do do shitty you do well. Sad thing is, it's working with a huge amount of people.
It was so unexpected and creative coming from our GEOTUS I think I laughed for a good 10 minutes and started laughing every time I shared it with my coworkers and friends. Brilliant choice of the meme and timing.
"If a problem has many proposed solutions, it's probably unsolvable."
Soo... climate change is gonna kill everyone, and to prevent that we need to stop having children so we can go extinct on our own?!?!    How are they gonna have kids when their 90 years old and come to the conclusion that they fucked up on that one?
Romney repeating that less ships made him less sure of U.S. security; that's what made him look inexperienced. Obama just made it into a memorable quip.
It's not broken, it works exactly as designed.
I don't mean to be pessimistic, but isn't the likely outcome of that situation just an increase in population until resources are scarce again? I have very limited high-school level understanding of population systems but I thought that was generally a basic rule.
What an imbecile, that man has damaged the US more then any terrorist attack could have. 
Azure is usually less expensive than AWS.  It's just a chaotic mess with horrific UX, and was seemingly designed by the XBox team.
Unforgettable
 Worse than the parched crops were the bank loans that loomed over many farming families, said Rani Radhakrishnan, one of the protesters.

important point in the article - many farmers become indebted to GM seed companies and then later kill themselves or are otherwise victims to the whims of the market 

[URL]

[URL]

Na, just tired of arguing with people who literally don't have the first clue what they are talking about.
If a dirty cop frames you with drugs, but you beat the charges, are you saying you don't believe you have the right to have the dirty cop who tried to frame you investigated for that?  This is pretty much what you're saying here.
I think your point would be better made if you picked two black politicians from the same party.

I'd never fucking vote for Ben Carson for anything regardless of race. Well, except maybe "Most Likely To Take All the Ambien From My Medicine Cabinet"
I don't know what you are talking about. The people who participated successfully terorrized an innocent high school kid and got his face plastered over the front page of conservative tabloid in a villified manner, which I can only guess is exactly what they started out planning on doing.
don't let it get you down- there isn't that much history left to be made before we go extinct anyway.
I feel awful for Kavanaugh and his family

Dudes a rich fancylad shithead, he's gonna be fine apart from being a gigantic sexpest. You should show empathy for people who actually have problems.
Watch them pick literally the worst possible option.
and sometimes a door is NOT ajar. 
Are you for real? They didn't give this to anyone, they gave it to a specific company who will likely profit hugely from it.
What if I told you...

Racist angry wanks preserve a culture and protect your people
He is likely the unlikely voter winner. Under 35. Black, Brown, Yellow, Poor, etc.
	Loans for Less, for example, filed 95% of the small claims cases in South Ogden, a suburban city of 17,000 about a half-hour north of Salt Lake City on the interstate, in fiscal year 2018, according to state data.

Wow.
[TRUMP:  Then why are we making them?  Why do we make them?  We had (inaudible).]([URL])

 All prognosticators need to make it crystal clear that this is just a best guess based on the limited knowledge they have.

But surely that would be redundant, unless you can find a prognosticator who can actually predict the future with absolute certainty.
Tipsy AMA
How to make love the Trump way:

Step 1: offer her a role on The Apprentice

Step 2: don’t offer her a role on The Apprentice

Step 3: say things that get your lawyer arrested

Step 4: bomb Syria

(Oops, forgot step 3.5: give Putin adequate warning)
So it's a win-win for the EU then? A blow is struck against Russian expansionism, and simultaneously against that irritatingly successful financial centre with its intransigent insistence on remaining outside the eurozone. They're delighted with this in both Brussels and Frankfurt, I'm sure.
I had to look it up. Snoop dog is a really skinny old lady with facial hair
Yeah, right.

Trying being a software engineer in south Texas.  According to the definitions above, we're destitute.
I'd support them in the name of transparent governance if they weren't ginormous hypocrites in the matter. Whatever is happening or going on people have a right to know.
So therefor it’s just privilege, it’s like saying “there’s a drunk Scotsman” it’s redundant adding the drunk.
I think he’s more intelligent than most people want to acknowledge. An idiot can’t con a person of average deducing capability.

He is, however, an flaming garbage heap of a human being.
He *literally* didn’t say any of that and you are pulling quotes out of thin air.
You can only survive on earth so long raping it of resources and fouling the air and water before you go extinct as a civilization. That is pretty fucking basic 
I still think we don't have the whole picture honestly. We have a video image of one, maybe two hangars of an entire military airbase. If this had images of numerous intact hangars it might be a different story. Instead it shows a cleanish runway and like two hangars.
Lib right needs to open a funera home and make families pay rent dor tombstone space
I could see why Texans wouldn't want to travel (especially west) because the minute they'd see the the PNW they'd realize how mediocre their state is comparatively. That was certainly my experience as someone who grew up in the southeast.
Who ever made that sign with the nazi symbol was brilliant. Although it might be a little confusing in India considering that it’s a symbol of peace for Jains ironically.
They know something!!!!! 

Rand does not get angry. I have never seen Rand look like he could kill. He does now!!!
I've seen people argue that he was an eco-terrorist because his desire to kill Hispanic people stemmed from the idea that America can't sustain the number of people who are (allegedly) pouring in, and since eco-terrorism is leftist, that makes him a leftist.
So your local cop is just a tyrant and you think posting on social media will make him change his mind and agree with [URL] got a big surprise coming....
Never! Only we are allowed to betray the lib left, lib right scum.
And what percentage think that Biden's dirty dealings with Ukraine to protect his son were wrong?
[Buy waffles! Tasty waffles! With lots of syrup!]([URL])
I doubt anyone did until Trump said it. Then his followers crawled out of their damp basements to masturbate to the name of Trump and call us all cucks and libtards.
Just imagine, what if he spent 1/100th of the effort to keep Jeffrey Epstein alive that he's pouring into chasing conspiracy theories around the globe?

His boss **is the most prominent proponent of birtherism.  He's a conspiracy theorist.**
I don't know why you are being down voted, that is one of the most memorable lines from that TNG episode.  Completely topical and relevant, even if it does nothing to advance the discussion.  A++++ WOULD READ AGAIN!
Those displaced and destitute Americans don't matter to neolibs. It's not masochism. It's sadism.
He’s not unkind 
Yeah, and people shouldn't drive drunk but we live in real life where that isn't going to happen.
They should just remove the death panels from the ACA with the skinny bill, get a 100-0 vote for that and go to conference. :-)
Hey man making a cool meme like this about Ian really touched a soft spot in my heart. This is a combination of a lot of stuff that makes me happy. You're making me feel all warm and [URL] inside
"hate-filled souls"

Says the person with nothing but unkind words to share. I feel bad for you. Progress is natural and unavoidable. Your world is going to get smaller and darker, year after year. 

Because you can't collect the brutally high amount of taxes to fund all of that "free" shit if the people have the means to overthrow the government. That's why every left-wing government around the world is vehemently anti-gun and anti-self defense.
Overton window. Very dangerous brainwashing tool being weaponized with increasingly horrific results
This is literally what happened which makes it hilarious to see him just put it out there.
Pretty sure the other commenter isn't a Trump fan. They were just being objective enough to admit that she would be considered attractive by many if not most. You can be attractive and also be a trash human being. The traits aren't mutually exclusive.
He supports universal healthcare
No he doesn't.

free college for people who need it
his plan is shit.

a pathway to citizenship
Cool

the Green New Deal
Cool


homophobes
I wonder why Buttigieg isn't getting support from black people.
Pigs are probably more intelligent though.
 are made up of Sunnis Shia Yazidis Assyrians seculars promotional to their population

Obligatory request for an official source for these numbers.
 A free open market with massive cut throat competition prevents everything and everyone from becoming controlling oligarchs.

Back in the age of Standard Oil and similiar trusts, what were the limits on the open market?
I wish it were skewered. That sounds delicious
It's not perfect, but it's not a failure either. It's extremely popular at the moment. Democrats and Obama himself have offered to work on fixing it. It's on the Republicans right now. Their own offering has been a damp squib, so let's do something productive.
Until they do horrific damage to other parts of your body. Statins are no joke and can be dangerous long term. 
 *For the first time, the public will soon see these stunning 1920s photos of the Bay Area*

Decluttered version of this SFGate's article archived on August 28, 2019 can be viewed on [URL]
Well, to be fair, babies are delicious.
 Actually I won't. This discussion will be fruitless. My mind is completely closed, if not non-functional.

So, you're here because why?


Lol Ivanka highly intelligent
This dude is making such obtuse, absurd arguments, downplaying the content of Trump’s bribery as though it was some innocuous conversation.
Do you trust Ukraine's ability to come to a just conclusion when aid is contingent on their response more than a transparent process by the FBI?
Stupid hungry hippo 
Yang is what a lot of republicans wanted in Trump. If yang can’t win it makes complete sense they would go back to their previous choice even if they are unhappy about it. Liking yang doesn’t make you hate other Democrats less
I just hope that Sean Hannity is somehow involved in this Assange stuff.  If anyone needs some time behind bars, it's that obese fuck.
Where does he live? I need to fellowship with this wayward brother

and advise him to make himself scarce (or wear a hardhat all the time).

tl;dr: Payback is a bitch.
Lets not forget that the people he is tweeting to are most likely frothing at the mouth from [URL] is still appealing to his base. Dont be fooled into thinking that this despot can do/say anything that will unequivocally bet him booted. We HAVE TO [URL] OF US
"Let me just put an ice cube in that scalding hot soup he just served you"
excellent question.
Like Sleepy Jeff?
That's a good point. 

The infamous and oft mis understood McDonalds scalding coffee law suit also comes to mind. It wasn't a huge settlement due to greed. It was a huge settlement to tell McDs to stop fucking around. Because the coffe burns had been a longstanding and neglected issue till then. 
Finally was looking for this response!

Also a minor correction to your comment. "Kill everyone in brutal horrific ways" 
I feel like "the presence of a gun" pretty well covers all possible scenarios
Calm down it’s Christmas and phone banking is not even available today...
Just guessing you haven't been invited to partake of the stunning, unforgettable cinematic triumph that is "Trailer Park Shark." It has racists, it has rednecks, it has racists on jet skis -- we're like 90% there.  
As opposed to what? Statues built to honor ancient aliens?
That would means she’s a real progressive. The progressive tradition in very war hungry. 

This is why we need populism not progressivism. 

Real change only happens from the bottom up.
Can’t even bring myself to use it as emergency loo roll. The thought of it anywhere near my delicate bits is just too horrific.
So much winning.

I am getting a bit parched to be honest.

Bring me 2 more Mimosas and 3 more heads.
Dare I say it.. Delicious.
Obligatory democratic gun owner who doesn't want guns banned. You don't like when your political party is demonized bc of idiots don't do the same to mine.
I love vampire shows!  I'll check it out.  Thanks!

BTW, 3 excellent, underrated neckbiter pix are "Near Dark", "Vampires", and "30 Days of Night".
"The worst elements in Mexico are being pushed into the United States by the Mexican government. The Border Patrol knows this. Likewise, tremendous infectious disease is pouring across the border."


Donald Trump 
Is her hat snug, or did she have a bad face-lift that makes her look perpetually surprised?
I hear it has been rainy there in the last week, so now I'm imagining the troops standing there in the rain while Trump gives a speech on how genius he is under an umbrella.
Too bad that was such a transparent lie given everything else he's ever said ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
Ugh his last like 4 videos have left me so thirsty that I’m finally getting my 8 glasses of water a day. I’m PARCHED for that man.
[She sounds hideous.]([URL])
Video unavailable, theblaze is unreliable, and the kid is a trolling idiot. Go get Melamine to cry an *i don’t care do u* river.
Gotta thin the herd sooner or later....
They won the Cold War.
What the fuck, how is it not zero? That combover, the disgusting "neck", the fucking orange color, jesus on a popsicle stick, who the fuck finds that tubby mound of bullshit attractive?
AAwesomeness!! Love the AK pistol extras, the Scorpio, the p90, and that gorgeous lever action.  Congrats 
Considering the planet has warmed a mere 0.8'c in the last 140 years, I don't see how it will suddenly warm 1.5'c in the next 8. The hyperbolism needs to stop.
How is IP scarce?
They aren't functional bombs, as I clearly said in my last post.

 Where’s your link? When the fuck did he EVER say they were non-functional?

[URL]

All of the bombs they analyzed so far are inert.
an apology might be appropriate in case of germans who bent over backwards to apologize for their own guilt  


not a single arab i ever heard of apologized for 1948 invasion
You don't consider .8% of homicides rare?
The documents totally exonerate trump!! *begins pouring gasoline into a trash can filled with transcripts and reaching for matches*
The funny thing is that Republican voters think it won't get to them. Lol you all are next if not already affected. The GOP are greedy as fuck. I feel Republican voters are fine with crumbs as long as they get some and noone else does.
I guess they've just been asleep the last few decades?
Dirty secret: people carry killing machines because they want to kill
I’d rather her not “troll” the republicans into an angry and engaged frenzy.
Alarm... drilling... noticing the door was ajar... he was just taking a stroll... I mean, what difference at this point does it make?
Thank you for being honest. I know plenty of people who get grumpy when drunk
Me too. I hope she's happy in the senate and won't take a job in the next administration, especially not VP. I know we need a west coast advocate in the White House, but still I don't want to see her in a do nothing job.
Of course he does. McConnell is a filthy dirty crook and a treasonous traitor. 
Please PLEASE vote him out Kentucky.
[URL] Eating Tasty Animals.
This NN support is plastered on every subreddit including france, and Sweeden. I highly doubt it's Russians impersonating Americans. I'd like to think they are smart enough to target the right group of people. 
That was the rule for 99.99% of human history; it worked just fine. 

[Nope, we've been smearing crocodile dung into vaginas since we figured out that sex leads to babies.]([URL])

Hell, the Romans caused a plant to go extinct because they used it for contraception.
Ah man, Zucchini bread is fantastic. So moist and delicious.
No way, I've been told they were impeccable. Encyclopedias are biased.   
I mean, isn't that literally what made the Gutenberg Bible such a big deal? Mass produced and in a language people actually spoke?
It’d be nice if Rothfuss released his next book before one of us dies of old age. I’m not that old, but it still looks like a distinct possibility.
as much as it sounds like a conspiracy, it probably was.

All of sudden theres massive influx of people all over the world trying to migrate illegaly while the enemy from within is trying uprise and cause problems, you cannot fight on 2 fronts where your resources are depleted.
What was that movie where the people could take a pill to forget about their past?  Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind? Did everyone take this pill and not tell me about it?
Was he provoking violence? Wonder why this isn't plastered all over reddit

[URL]
Central Asia is my favorite region of the world, and I fully intend to devote an article in August or September to the three-way power struggle in that region. But I am skeptical that there will be any water wars, even in that parched region. 
Oh shut up.  Last time my ass. Liberalism will rise anew from its anemic ashes same as always. Liberty,  equality,  and justice are unforgettable ideals that may be silenced,  but never forgotten. Irredeemable dystopias only exist in fiction. 
I'm getting annoyed by the term Treason becoming nomenclature more than a legal definition.
Sleepy Sessions standing by
because its sunday morning in the US... we were either out for Saturday night or asleep and not on Reddit
[Obligatory Penn & Teller]([URL])
The more I see real Sanders supporters refusing to vote for her, the more I wonder about whether the polls can be trusted. 

Truly, I think the polls are being manipulated to make another stolen election palatable and explainable. 
So this dude is actually presenting a pretty decent picture that if a president abuses their power they deserve to be impeached.
The next step is a trial in the Senate. The Senate majority leader has already promised to be not allow a fair trial and he will quickly get exonerated. Because we have a broken system. And Trump is continuing to try to break the system further with election meddling. Again.
I didn’t know you like to get wet ... you know, butt nekkid, sherm, dust...


[URL]
We believe in preventing mass shootings.  But we also know the laws are stacked against us, so we stay out of the hotspots.  You can sleep warm at night with those gun free zone signs keeping you warm and safe.
White subordinacy
Apparently money has been pouring into the coffers for this over the last few weeks.  
I listened to a small part if it and it's Sargon arguing about semantics rather than policy yet again.
i'd love to see the alcoholic who has a spotless room with a bottle of whiskey under his bed.

i'd love to see an alcoholic with a spotless room.
 As conservatives we 

Ya know when you type something like this you come off as a very large concern troll, especially considering your only recent post history in this sub.
Any rent is a bad rent.
Any wage theft is a theft.
Any libertarian who bitches about state but ignores private entities is a bootlicker.
It's a podcast of 3 hideous neckbeards LARPing as revolutionaries. Unsurprisingly, Reddit eats it up.
What a willfully misleading title. 

More people will be killed by faulty domestic appliances than great white sharks this year-

Oh, wait. That's because there's more people using dishwashers than taking dips off Ceduna.
 You can't just flail about with ageism when someone is rightly calling Bernie a crusty old heart attack waiting to happen and act like that automatically makes you right, because it doesn't.
 The Montreal massacre of 1989 was just one in a long line of mass killings motivated by hatred of women.

I'm almost certain I said something about worshipping victimhood.
Mother of four found dead in freezing home after her welfare was cut off

**FUCKING COMMULISTS ASDFASDFASDF**

Mother of four found dead in freezing home after her paycheque was cut off

Zzzzzzzz…
She's broken US Law, US immigration law, and her oath of office. But she is apparently above the law, as are all muslim infiltrants in Western government, a few exceptions notwithstanding. Oil money talks!
"Take that libz. I may be soaked but you got some on you too. hahahaha" 
It's even more unsettling thinking of this quote after all the Epstein/pedophile stuff. He knew about all the pedophilia he had engaged in before when he said this quote. Kinda puts a new light on what "they" could mean in in those quotes.
[Your timing is impeccable.]([URL])
Well, sure. But the more extreme that propaganda is, the more effective it is. You just have to keep it simple, keep it memorable, and say it as much as possible.
Biggest mandate of any UK politician and this is all the right has got? No wonder the grassroots picked a damp squib like Zac. 

Sadiq does not promote Islamic extremism and if you were to say such a thing in print you'd be up to your arse in damages sunshine 
Brexit: There may be adequate food.
Bratwurst is tasty. 

I had a guy tell me that Hunter was hired to help clean up Burisma. The fired prosecutor was trying to stop Hunter from legitimizing the company. They are not sending their best.
Cold War hangover, but what makes people who aren’t American lose sympathy is that it still works.

If you want to fight universal healthcare because you’re scared it will result in “communism”, then do us all a favour and just die
Just go ahead and reverse their positions, what if Sanders would be calling Clinton out for her tone? The outrage from 50 different 'movements' would be deafening and probably would have a huge negative impact on Sanders' campaign. The double standards in American politics never cease to amaze me.
Also denouncing socialism whilst draining social security dry.
Yes the invisible hand that buys a banana duct taped to a wall but not new HIV meds for poor people.
Up until said HOA says you can't keep firearms on property, fly the US flag, or mow your lawn in a certain way. Otherwise, very libertarian!
That was brilliant. 

I think she could have completely short circuited him if she has asked if it was OK to run political adds on Facebook claiming Republican senators supported Elizabeth Warren’s plan to break up Facebook.
I do see your point. You are saying that someone who votes for someone solely because they cant stand the other (a valid reason to vote considering you prob would vote for just about anyone to not have trump in office) is a worse person than a murderer. 

I heard you loud and clear.
bruh why is this subreddit locked down so fucking tight.... is it because its the left getting blasted or is it because some nazi got control of the damn thing and just wants to ruin it...
A broken clock is right twice per day.
Ah yes, we Canadians will be sitting comfortably in our cabanas in tropical Muskoka and as the world burns and the masses die in a war over scarce resources.
If you don't work hard then you will defo suffer. So good logic
Yes Mad Dog gave us a sense of calm.

Edit: /s
It isn't plastered all over the front page, and it should be. I have seen some complaining, yea, but not nearly enough.
Cool. I know it's delicious, and I'm salivating at the thought of eggs Benedict. Just was curious... my dad will often speak of strange, foreign goods like peameal bacon, salted butter, and Sealtest ice cream. :)
Look how small all there hands are....
Why are you so angry about this.
He looks sleepy.
Castro and Booker are likely next, then the only folks of color running will be Yang and Gabbard. 

What a fucking joke this is, the front runners for the most diverse party in the country are now almost entirely old white guys two of whom literally bought their way in.
He'd be the lamest of ducks. And no Trump can't do some horrific catastrophe because who is gonna listen to him? Not the military or folks who are in charge of nuclear warheads. Once he loses the election, he's done.
Good comment fellow American, both parties dry like turnip from cold communist food line. Best stay home on election day and drink Bud of Light beer and watch sportsball on big screen 4K Samsung TV. Much message sent to political clowns!
To use a concentration camp uniform to make any sort of fashion statement is some pretty tone deaf, ignorant behavior wow
I don't consider Johnson to be a shining light of morals either, however.
Great tweet dude. Where's the source of that hideous frame? 
Sorry that one's too nasty.  I'm not a Hillary fan but let's get real.  I don't think Bernie would approve of that video.
I didn't say anything at all about destitute.  My point is that I have yet to hear a good reason why someone who isn't rich would advocate Republican policies.
If you're rich, it makes some sense.
If you're not, you're just hurting yourself.
The only conclusion I can draw from the comments section is that they really, really like nazism and using cheap political buzzwords.
 Another nail in civilization's coffin.

Fixed. These people won't stop until humanity is damaged beyond repair. They need to be removed from power forever or we might as well say 'goodbye' to everything.


Actually, the rest of the world thinks Trump is corrupt and inept.  I thought that was common knowledge?  An obese silver spoon draft dodger who has been bankrupt so many times that he can't get a loan from an American bank.
Woah. Calm down there. It's a lot of information to process but think of the children.
As a said above, Bitcoin in currently non-functional as a currency. Even if the volatility settles down, a top-end wait of ten minutes to clear a transaction is a non-starter for most in-person transactions.
Pray God Nadler had a light lunch and doesn't get sleepy.
I don't know anything about this particular site, if you google the story there are about a dozen different sites with it. This one was just the one with it i n a nice cleanish format. 
I work in the financial services industry (I'm a banker). 

This is an idiotic proposal. I work 80hrs a week for a reason. It's far more efficient to have one person working 80hrs than two employees working 40hrs each in my industry.
Nazis have never been extinct. You're faced with mountains of evidence but still deny a nazi presence. You need to look at the evidence and stop blinding yourself to everything negative about your party. 
Whitaker and Kushner took an entire flight on Marine One together. It’s in plain fucking sight, the fact that this wasn’t even news when Bills meeting with Obamas AG was plastered everywhere is frankly shocking.

Edit: link
[URL]
Not necessarily,  with a wall and controlled immigration, those already here will become tired of taxes and social engineering like the rest of us.
I can see why... CN livery is so rare, you can hardly see it.  Must have snuck up on them!
 A lot of Americans are also convinced, beyond any doubt, that the world is 6000 years old. That’s not the demographic he’s trying to reach.
Still the world at us. The rest of us are just annoyed and can't wait to throw him out on his fat ass.
Maybe that would be the better way of going about it. This way I can get consistency among the periods, plus it can be guided, and besides, regardless of content, very few of them are going to be engaged without a condensed version. Thanks.
Gore's bosses had a satisfactory stooge in the WH - so it was done, same with Kerry.
How many proxy-war states do we need before it counts as a Cold War?  I count at least Ukraine, Venezuela and Syria as fitting that bill right now.
The problem is that industry requires adequate infrastructure and Jerusalem infrastructure just can not handle a modern city. Busses can barely navigate many roads as is.
Imagining a redditor as the leader of any country, let alone an authoritarian autocratic one with a single leader, is pretty cringe. 

Your ability to watch MCU marathons for weeks on ends and posting pictures of obese domestic pets does not translate to the required skills for running a country.
Holy fuck kid, you are cringy. How old are you? Becuase you sound like an angry teen that doesnt actually know how basic debate works.
BJ has a loud overpowering debating style. Hard to get a word in edgeways through his storm of words. Does he take a breath? Still a liar and bullshitter.
Racism isn’t intelligent
OMG they're clapping for that dude. Hilarious.
I think that's fair, you are converting me. It has been a year and we haven't seen anything. Maybe Trump is just waiting for the right time. His timing is usually impeccable. 
Everybody’s arguing an idiotic point. Just bring back the fairness doctrine, the US was not having such a massive problem with populistic fascism when that was in effect.
Yeah who cares when they shoot republicans at baseball games and livestream the kidnap/torture of trump supporters or shoot cops just because they're white. Let's all go back to sleep yaaawn im so sleepy evrything is fine, nothing to worry about, kids will be kids, etc etc
I'm not certain, but I think FalconMidget is annoyed by goforthandconquer just typing "Lordy", because it is 'unoriginal'.
It is illegal to not feed your child. If you're starving your child you'll lose custody to the state.

Why isn't a child allowed to get a tattoo? Or buy cigarettes?
I like the right to try law which gives terminally ill people the opportunity to try drugs or treatments that are not approved by the fda
And if those ecosystems had not been altered, California would be parched.  

Yaknow, you're not contradicting my point with that "we can't do it" theme you're going with.
The absurdly simplistic hypothesis with faulty assumptions? Yeah, it takes a tiny piece of truth and makes a spurious argument that seems like it makes sense until you think about it a little - a common feature of conservative arguments.
My words are hot and topical, yes. You are a snowflake. You are very fragile. Any unkind words and you spiral into a rage that lasts for days. Your comments are proof positive. 
And don't punch too hard or scream too loud.
I think rose Twitter is like a tiny tiny tiny slice of the electorate that already heavily favors Sanders. Not enough people in the general primary voting population remember or care about purity testing like this.
You give them too much credit. Literally every post is about feminism or how women as a whole are evil. 

I’m all for discussing the unique challenges that men face in society, but that sub is just a hateful circlejerk
 Fully functioning is different from functioning.

No it's not.  If it's not fully functioning then part of it is non-functional.  The non-functional part threatened his safety.  

People who try to over simplify laws and their interpretations are usually wrong.

Source?
God lord.   This is fucking idiotic.
I feel personally attacked

I love paintings and pictures of rainy streets at night
Marco looks parched
lol

these cheap fucks wont even give me fucking optical on my supplemental insurance you think they would upgrade from vista or whatever the fuck this is?

I shitpost for half the day so I can feel like Im earning a decent hourly wage ffs
if the beans include lentils you can sprout them in ajar and get a lot of extra nutrients. and he's not saying you can't mix it up a little, just that on minimum wage you can afford rice milk and beans as the staples of your diet. and a multivitamin.
Ben & Jerry's has new ice cream flavors. 
Proceeds to go to the DNC for 2020 elections.  
BITE ME  
PRALINSKY  
BITTER LENIN  
MARX MADNESS  
HOT CROTCH SHOT  
SOREOS & SCREAM  
BERKELEY HURKELEY    
BETO CHUCKLEBERRY  
STANDING ROCKY ROAD  
CARLOS DANGER DANGLE    

(RIP Rodney Dangerfield)
Haha, that's not vile. I mean, I take your point that my opening gambit was a bit immature and not exactly intellectual. But I have seen some vile content directed at people with different political opinions and this doesn't even come close.
He's one of those guys who in a slightly different life would have stayed in Connecticut and been on a couple of boards, rode his daddy's reputation, stayed a drunk and screamed at waitresses there instead of in Austin. And would have openly despised Texans.
Not enough people driving home drunk from the bars. Must ban Uber.
Wow, his mic is awful. Hers is crystal clear.
It is looking very parched.
There was a famine there from 1983-1987ish.  They never truly advanced it since it is a mix of water resources and well intentioned western nations fucking up their farm economy.  So 30 years of we all know that Ethiopia is starving is just fact to the helpless majority of us.
But the White House will be impeached too. Pence will have very limited power and be on a tight watch, he will be nothing more then a filler until the election
But then again your a sea lion arguing in bad faith. If you weren't you know I already linked the data I've referenced.
I have to force myself to eat even when I'm not hungry just to stay healthy. If I eat comfortably I'll start losing weight and muscle mass.

I've never really related to how difficult it is for obese people to "just stop eating" although I'm sure their feelings are valid.
Only Republicans depend on foreign countries to do their dirty work. You want me to believe that Trump doesn’t have access to a single American who could investigate possible corruption?
He's not though, he's really just keen on dragging people down to a lowest common denominator baseline, a human avatar for the colour beige in which all are equally miserable, free Palestine etc.
It's hard to take to the streets when you have bills to pay and you're barely making it as it is.
You know, i've met so many horrific racist in my time, I can easily believe 17 million of them voted for brexit. The rest of the racists probably thought it was some conspiracy to rape white children so didn't vote at all.
Reduced soft power across the world? Weaker allies? More divided West?

They're not just European interests, they're American geopolitical interests. You have it a bit twisted.
Unavailable in my country :(
Silly LibRight... there are no children in CoD Zombies. Spend your time on something useful like making moneyyyy
Sure it does. That's like saying there should be outsized attention paid to the common cold than HIV
Yeah but no senator should be voting based on possible political consequences ether R or D.  They should be voting based on the evidence and what’s best for the country.
I disagree with a lot he does, which makes sense considering I’m definitely not a republican, but I do have a certain modicum of respect for his view of the courts. Any of the other republican justices would likely be worse in the role.
Imagine if all repubs were fighters like Gaetz and Big Jimbo...
Nobody ever bombed a building in the sleepy town of Oklahoma City, until they did.  Nobody ever gunned down children in a Summer camp in Norway, until they did.  Never say "never".
MAGAbois are too obese to serve.
In my city, we have a very mediocre train system, and every time there's a proposition to expand it, people from rich neighborhoods protest saying that it will bring unwanted people and crime to their neighborhood. It's definitely classist, and it can also be straight up racist in my experience. 
Trump and everyone who helped him must spend the rest of their miserable lives in prison, no matter how wealthy and powerful they are.  A nation with two sets of laws has no laws at [URL] no moral standing to enforce them.
This is obviously wrong and gross for many reasons, but I am also just annoyed when people think they're unique and interesting for being attracted to beautiful people. It's like, yeah, that's what "beautiful" means.
 It's OK, go back to sleep.

I dunno. Sounds to me like *you're* the one asleep.
Why is it always ugly ass dudes who wanna be transgender? I’ve yet to see a handsome guy lop off his dick.
I buy that western democracy is possibly going to take some serious hits but this study or whatever it is just seems to use a load of faulty reasoning and seems to create a premise with few examples and then cherrypicks statistics to embolden the thesis.
unforgettable contrast
 [URL]

It's called the overton window. If you want to push for something radical you start with something more palatable first like "soft brexit". Then when they had that you find out what they really wanted was hard brexit all along. 
Honey badgers. A cell filled with honey badgers would be adequate. 
Kinda curious. Who was our last obese president before Trump?
That’s a perfectly reasonable thing to consider though it’s not quite what we were discussing. 

That said, I was surprised that the Catalan situation seemed to calm down... maybe it didn’t and I’m just not aware...
Women only like men with money because white supremacy because this culture on this island loves men that are starving and ostracized 
You should compare current temperature trends with what we should be expecting, given our timing within the Milankovitch cycle. We are currently at the expected ending for the warm interglacial and we should start heading down in global temperatures.
Ahhh yes just remember how happy everyone was in 1917 in russia, larking and loving life in the wealth the tsar had created for them, they probably only revolted cus they were a bit bored
Here's a hot take: fuck Trump
Tasty tasty word salad.
I just find it hilarious to listen to them contradict themselves.
History proves you right.  SA is a mess.  Zimbabwe is starving.  SA will starve soon too.  India went through a lot of trouble before stabilizing.

Hong Kong did well **[URL] anymore...**
Exactly. This double standard bs is stupid. I honestly dont care how offensive it is to certain people, if you dont like it dont watch it. Too bad they dont follow this simple rule across the board.
You're pretty generous to assume they'd get a full year
From your source- Though the majority of European Americans in our study did not carry Native American or African ancestry, even a small proportion of this large population that carry non-European ancestry translates into millions of European Americans who carry African and Native American ancestry.
Want to know how you can tell he's talking only to racist whites? How many *uneducated, destitute black people* do you think are in watching FOX News on a Saturday night?
IA that NC and AZ are way more likely to go blue than TX.

[URL] I still want TX because the GOP meltdown would be delicious to watch.
Disagree. I'm not really talking about any issue in particular, just his general attitude towards things. He seems extremely unlikely to do much of anything to actually change what's broken in the system and seems like he'll instead "fix" things in such a way that ultimately still benefits corporations.
he's going for, in terms of broad legal strategy:

insanity

or

"no adequate representation" aka the stupidity
I have a hard time seeing Pete beat Trump on the debate stage.
Being a black woman doesn’t mean people will automatically like you...
He thought he had some rope in the trunk.  So sick of this disgraceful party that has no morals and no values for people unlike themselves.
Her press rider. *all press must be accompanied with stunning fashion description and written in unmistakably positive language.*

I have one [URL] for the humblebrag
the officials were busy with hate speech:

[Director of veterans home, where elderly veterans were abused "bruises... scalding hot water", says complaints from families are racist hate speech]([URL])

sad story of abuse that govt bureaucrats try to cover-up with SJW bingo excuses.
It has happened, but it is an extremely rare outcome for an already extremely rare event. I'm not going to make my decisions based on insanely unlikely possibilities.
Trump, the festering anal fissure, wants to kill the poor.
Theres an enormous list of conservative judges with similar views. Why die on the hill with so much baggage?
No indyref till after 2024 I would think, but makes it more likely beyond that point.
Or the hat was sweat soaked after being worn by that dude all day at a concert. 

No idea what [URL] political views are. I really enjoyed basket case. 
Obligatory *King Mierdas*
Now I’m hungry
Snohomish hasn't counted and King county still has 130k votes left. I'm really hoping they pull us through... $30 tabs for a gutted transportation budget is idiotic.
I trust Mueller's testimony will be taped and aired later, on a quiet news day.
Cruz hating Texan reporting for duty! El Rato is a Canadian and does not embody Texan values. He has the charisma of a damp rag and the appearance of a low grade bank clerk.
Whenever I see this guy, I'm waiting for the big reveal where he rips off his face and alien insects just come pouring out like a fountain of terror.
Also Bernie: They will sure know what it's like to be poor and hungry if I get elected.
Are they not allowed to gather in a room and talk?
Too much focus on supply and not enough on demand. All this overproduction with cheap money will lead to a “great sag”.
You have nothing important to add other than small faceboomer esq snippets that only make you laugh.
The more non-functional your beliefs, the less ability you have to *do* or *produce*, the more likely you are to teach. Obviously a generalization, but liberals are essentially 12 times less able to function in the real world. 
Agree, it is unsettling language.
That is cleanish!  So then why withhold the rest of the tax statements and make people hunt the tax returns down!?  Makes you wonder what is in the other years
i intend on getting the 7.62x 39 bolt action Ruger American Ranch on black friday. Cheap plentiful ammo and it will accept Ruger mini-30 mags. I plan on making it my back country hiking rig and perhaps take a deer at sub 100 yards.
To what extent do you think the rise in misogyny as a motivation can be attributed to the intentional radicalization of susceptible men, and to what extent is it just the ugly side of social media?
simply starving them out and gutting the establishment it’s built on

How does that work exactly? When workers went on strike in the past the government sent troops to slaughter them and their families. What stops something like that from happening again?
Based on my own experience at CLP level, there is every reason to panic because there is no tangible effort to promote Labour at these elections. For clarity, there are voices and efforts on opposing the political-right, but no one is actually making efforts to get votes for Labour and it's frankly unsettling.
That’s the real Russian collusion: Sergey’s Google and the sick & twisted Democrats.
people in general can't make the right decissions given certain contexts. if he had just say "people" instead of "poor" probably there wouldn't be any outrage at all in here.

btw in the Zapatista communities, alcohol and drugs are outright banned.
No, it's not. I'm not trying to put words in your mouth.

Do you want to talk more about faulty logic, or do you wanna brush up on some reading first?
"Haha yes, I said something offensive. A bunch of people are angry at me, but I am not angry, because I am a cool man who makes decisions based on facts, and not emotions."
Fascism has to speak to the cultural identity of a country. 

We all know what German and Italian fascism were [URL]’s is....

American fascism is like the Walmart version. Cheap and gross.
I am just looking through the news article to see if he has any impossible foods or beyond burger recipes.
That's not true at all. Only a tiny minority of men ever commit rape.
Actually lefty ideology is possibly the oldest antisemitism, like ancient Roman and Greek antisemitism was lefty.

Jews have a culture/existence that is different and unique, and the far-left wants everyone to be homogeneous like the Borg. Not very compatible ideas..
Your lib tears are delicious.
They can and should invalidate decisions that seem to go against basic laws, however, they always give the state a chance to deliver a satisfactory explanation in its defense before ruling out anything.
The top left won’t be smiling when he’s getting bent over in community jail
How did it feel when you realised you'd been duped by alt-right propaganda? Did you feel a little bit thicker than you did this morning, or is that even possible?
I'm so glad to hear this! I too am thinking of where I will make regular (small) donations to help my own community. You don't have to be super wealthy to donate money. You just have to have disposable income.
Trump exaggerates his height because he would be classified as obese if he were any shorter than 6'2"
His tone of voice was so subdued too. The way he spoke sounded exhausted and sad. Never heard him like that before. 
I'd be delighted to hear some support w/r/t antifa being fans of big government...
Dude, you need to check this out. There are photos of Obama making his.   


 [[URL]]([URL])   


This is absolutely real and all this time I just thought it was a silly meme. The post in the photo was actually made by Biden. wtf
Except MOST of the country rejected uberliberal candidates in an open election in 2018. MOST of the country is moderate not liberal. That doesnt change because you don't like it.
I have enormous sympathy with the prof on this because I too work in a career that every mug thinks they can do just as well as professionally qualified experts, sometimes with disastrous results.
but I guess you have a right to do that

Honestly Im shocked he said that.  Too bad he doesnt believe it
cherry picking a single poll instead of using aggregates, very legal and very cool
Big bad  bernie made her campaign in the wrong states, use the wrong email  and call voters deplorable
I think most animals are tasty including cows milk...
Hell I'd still be ahead. I could have invested in petrified dogshit and gotten a better return than I do from the government!
not legally obtained.

He live streamed it... But I'm sure there is some FB TOU/EULA or some shit that can be twisted to fit what you've said. It's all about control, guaranteed. 
Dry cleaning, maybe.
There's the whole her being a gigantic racist thing
Yeah I read the interview already. He dropped the ball. I'm sure he has more nuanced and satisfactory explanations chambered *now*, but he didn't have them then. That's not how you convince people that you can accomplish your *major campaign goal* that you've been preaching about for decades.
There is, but he can only stay for 8 years, maximum.

Term limits more prevent a mediocre politician from gaining a following over time until they're the only viable candidate.
Sorry I usually search but I'm a bit psst tipsy right now and just kind of felt like venting because I honestly feel like this is where I see the best political discussion that feels like I can get some opposing viewpoints
Now I'm hungry for eggs and ham.  
You rarely see so artful and so skillful a dodge when someone is forced to reply to a point they have no adequate response to. Bravo.
Sorry can someone tell me what this means? What's a stream of donations and how are they unique to threads?
Yeah, eight weeks of learning how to fold my underwear the "right" way, and marching around with a non-functional rifle.  Oh, and 10 minutes shooting at a target.
Yeah, reading between the lines I think it's pretty evident Labour basically want all companies above a fairly low minimal size / value nationalised. They probably do think the current manifesto is restrained. They seem to have no solutions for problems beyond more nationalisation.
I think he won Minn in 2016.  It was razor thin and probably a lot of illegal votes and fraud there. Not that Jill Stein did anything about that state.
Nothing about that isn't stupid. A society like that would be non-functional.
That just makes both parties into bad choices instead of having one be a bad choice and the other one usually be mediocre choice.

In the case of subverting the law and democratic rules, I'd say that the ends *never* justify the means.
Seattle city council is legit a fair place to make these criticisms. Amazon has been pouring money into the race, and a lot of folks are pretty reasonably upset. No one wants to feel like one guy is just buying their entire local government.
Rich, as in, complex and cross-cultural and ancient.

The clip doesn't provide much context but they are discussing 9th grade (so 15 year olds) and the teacher is just saying facts.

If there's more to the story, great, we can talk about that.
Cool. Hope Hillary comes back and runs then. I'm sure you'll fully support her.
Yeah, because of the rich pouring money into fascist crap they shouldn't be allowed to in the first place
His name is Dennis Nathan Cain.

Will Reddit admins care? Nope. They only care about keeping Schiff's tiny Schlongg in their mouth.
 Being neutral is doing alot more harm.

Get deal. Put it to referendum. I don't think it is that difficult...
my first paycheck was literal minimum wage. i dont know if that's the overall experience for people but if that is how it is, how on earth is THAT enough to make someone think "yup, capitalism good gommunisim bad"?!
fuck that looks tasty
i watched it on th guardian. fir th subtitles maybe 2/3rds of it was inaudible
Though this might be true dont forget Obama inherited a shit show and tho he did some good je also did some bad all being accounted for he was a very meh president
Nope, because even with overwhelming evidence, the Senate won't indict unless McConnell gives the green light.
Fair point. There are a lot of gorgeous areas of the interior. The Flint hills here are beautiful. And actually, Monument Rocks in eastern Kansas is pretty cool. [URL]
I don’t know of any specifics, but I’ve been down by the Dead Sea/Masada area down south and I think if there’s something offered around that area that’d be sick
Kind of like the devastation capitalistic governments have reeked on the poor in all societies? It's like its the same for all of the destitute despite the economic system!
And those are for the more intellectually depleted members. Your more average joe types don’t need all that nonsense; they don’t care as long as their side is winning. 
Anyone who is getting food from a food bank is obviously not starving.
Run down, but cleanish looking in that pic.
Don't have the energy to give my adequate thoughts, but that all sounds very good and certainly a lot better than what we have now
Within a few years he'll look like [the emperor in Dark Crystal]([URL])
Except you're not providing factual information, this video is. You're throwing out ad hominem attacks. Quite a big difference.
The only way for rednecks to support illegals and to support chain migration is if Trump benefits from it. You'll abandon anything for fat orange retarded daddy
That was sarcasm. Sorry I am a bit tipsy and got an urge to be dickish.

You're right.

I'm just tipsy and trying to keep the peace I guess. Carry on and take my upvote ❤
Honestly, and I don't want to be unkind, but if someone does that I think they would do it anyway for any other reason/stressor. Like they are unfortunately fragile and it could be any stimulus but it happens to be this election and this candidate.
An 80 year old drunk for potus nothing wrong with that.
It's not a substitute for clean living.  Nancy Pelosi drinks like a fish, and while she's drinking or sobering up, DJT is reading .
Obviously the sidewalks are too thin so theyre 'one ways' this graphic is explaining to stay on the correct side
Trump is parched
Wind and Solar have their own drawbacks. Wind farms kill countless birds, which are decreasing in population

Nuclear plants should be part of the solutions. Storing nuclear waste safely, for new plants, is about as difficult as converting hundreds of square miles to wind or solar collections
I hope his Wikipedia page gets edited to reflect what a gigantic fag he is.
They will respect you more after your surgery to get a 13 foot long spotted neck.  People can't decide whether I'm brave and stunning or stunning and brave since I iot my 23 foot long rotors implanted...
What! No alternative streams? 

Also this one is gonna get ugly folks so get those meme templates ready!
By all accounts, Barr appears to have just shut Mueller down.

Why is Pelosi giving Barr the time to cover-up the 14 spin-off investigations?

And what of the other investigations under DOJ's umbrella Barr is sticking his filthy hands in? Alfa? 1MDB? SDNY?
That's fucking hilarious. They're literal children.
Mueller hasn't told us anything, at all. Not yet at least. And all his team has told us is that they were very unhappy with how Barr has handled everything so far. I sincerely doubt that changes tomorrow.
Wow, this article is brigaded by the dumbest right wing fuckers. Just fucking stunning how stupid these right wing dolt comments are.
Good so we agree. The commenter I was replying to's idea to just "you find a job first and it's like 20k more" is ridiculous.
She's really not that great of a speaker. She rambles incoherently sometimes and gets off point and makes you bored. Trump is an exceptionally low bar which is why when you compare even a pumpkin to him, they are better.
Hard hitting! Love it!
It’s beyond enormous, it’s your mom
I assumed he meant Hell was freezing over, but I could be wrong.
Thin blue line... Tread me harder daddy.
We've never had brexit open up all protections before. We have never had to negotiate a US trade deal before...
It’s possible Pence goes first and he’s replaced with someone clean / more palatable who then pardons Trump. Similar to Gerald Ford 
It would be unkind to mock a mentally ill person.
who knows maybe they dropped something and it left it ajar. Maybe they left it propped open because they were still bring in ammo etc from the fire escape to the room. 
What the fuck? This is going into comic book territory and I’m looking at the silly Silver Age shit
Dave doesn't attack the right, he slides a mention while arguing how much worse the left is.

"Of course there's a tiny unrepresentative sliver of racists on the right sure but having to respect pronouns is the real threat to society!"
This was crystal clear from the leaked [URL] fact people now care is just depressing. 
The white man cometh
At least we now know more names of fascists in our government. The cockroaches keep coming out of the dark and into the light of day. Let's never forget who they are
Well I only eat hamburgers from cows feed budweiser soaked grains. And they have to be killed by being run over with a F350 supercab while skynyrd plays. 
If you put it in the dryer with a damp towel, it will take out those creases
Does blue shirt at 2:30 have an enormous head, tiny hands, or both?
It's strange. I've never fallen prey to such bait. Have you guys?

What's so tasty about racism-baiting that makes all these conservative evangelicals rise to the bait every time?
Think of it like how TumblrInAction gets their panties in a twist because obese women prefer fit guys.
Hideous Hack....
Shut up! The water is freezing. The sand gets everywhere. Wouldn't you prefer a nice casino somewhere? Electicity and a cell signal? This is not the place for you. 
I agree, that makes senses and is cut and dry. But in the same scenario would Britain be obligated to send SAS to fight Bundies on Canada's behalf?
It's impossible to infer sarcasm through one sentence of text. There is no other context provided and it's completely arguable that Kavanaugh's life has been irreparably damaged even with the confirmation.
Take away our second amendment rights so we have nothing to protect ourselves when they take away out first amendment right. They think we have a gun problem now? You haven't pissed off 5 million rednecks yet. Once you do that, that's when you should be scared. Fuck liberals
Fascism can only survive when facts and truth are dead. It’s the reason Trump and the GOP operate in dark, dank places. Their ideology is so revolting that it won’t stand up to any kind of scrutiny. Hence this long and ridiculous tirade of bullshit and lies.
In my darker moments I hope that votes were altered; the stain 45* leaves on the history of our nation would be more palatable knowing that his reign was entirely illegitimate.
*rapists have a unique way of having sex*

*burglars have a unique way of borrowing things*
not necessarily. how often to bullied people hit back? it order for someone to go on a killing spree they need to be soaked in an ideology of hate and revenge
I thought he was discovered precisely because he didn't have the smoke alarms disabled. 
Side note: Is anyone else thinking he had the door ajar so he could get reception from the webcam out in the hall? I can't think of another reason the door would be open.
At the moment we’re in the digestive tract of the EU but there is light at the end of the tunnel
It's possible that he brings his own for security reasons and the rest are part of the venue.
They are talking about damage to the physical mosque and issues related to Muslims. Jews don't care about damage to the mosque, they care about the ruins underneath. UNESCO and everyone else are not petrified that the Jewish state harming Jewish sites. Be real. 
I wish my car was as slippery as that wall.  Seems like all the shit sticks to my car. Nasty ass birds.
Thesis? Surely white nationalists are all low IQ hicks!
 The ultimate goal of UBI should be to replace capitalism

No, it's not. You don't replace capitalism by making it better.

Be wary of those who want to accelerate capitalism's downfall by making it worse. They don't care if you die homeless in the process.
Jp low key a sweetheart
The next yang merch, introducing the big coat guy coat worn by Zach “big coat guy” graumann
I hope her brother rapes her face and creampies her tight pink vag
He’s been trained by his father to keep it simple when he lies. Simply reverse the truth regardless of how idiotic it might sound.

Because They are both are so fucking stupid they have to keep it simple.
Sleepy Jeff Sessions, our alleged former A.G. and Keebler elf. He appointed Huber to 'investigate' part of the coup but as we suspected this was only to prevent a special prosecutor from being appointed and Huber never did squat.
We get it, Westminster bad Brussels good.
 with the caveat that words that aren't heard are written as 'inaudible'

It would still be considered a verbatim transcript if that were the case. It's routine for verbatim transcripts to have "inaudible" parts?
Optimistic? Why shouldn't the greatest nation on Earth try to set an impeccable standard that results in a thriving globe?
Yeah. Doesn’t need to be freezing to get hypothermia. Hope all those nice ICE people get a bag of coal for Christmas.
Cause there is something inherently creepy and unsettling about them?   But wait.. They call themselves that.. Actually, fuck it, that could be it,  knowing them. 
This.  I don't care how unhappy and miserable the government's actions make 49% of my fellow countrymen, I want to get my way all the time and not compromise.
This person is hideous inside and out.
Back in my day the homeless were actually destitute.
 
What the fuck are all those luxuries?
 
Kings of the past could be so lucky.
People can change, ofc, but keeping out some reformeds is a small price to pay for keeping subs clean. We know how sometimes they coopt funny subs, like r/GamersRiseUp...

And if you care that much about it, just use an alt, there is nothing else you could do about it.
The Beats were pretty much all awful...

Kerouac and Cassady were hardcore alcoholics. Ginsberg and Burroughs fucked kids. Corso was a murderer.

Gary Snyder's about the only decent one and he left the scene early to study Zen. Not surprisingly, he's the only one still alive.
This was so idiotic and will be a catastrophic waste of money.  America truly is a complete embarrassment.
There's a process for this. You're angry that they are following the process?
Government of one of the richest countries not letting its citizens being in position to go hungry would be a solution.  

Charities are a plaster on the wound.  Real damage is policies.
Because raising the minimum wage to 10 is a mediocre change barely worth the effort. Fight for 15 and perhaps negotiate down. If you're calling for 10 or 12 when you negotiate you're gonna get 9 or less
And you know the govt will never pay.  Can't set a precedent to allow foreign governments to sue the USA for damages, using illegal or methods questionable by the Geneva convention ie depleted uranium, 
Funny what crumbs can turn into...
Which ones owned businesses that allowed foreign leaders to give them emoluments? What makes it phony? Please explain in terms of what the founding fathers would think. Did they add impeachment as a joke?
And if we keep letting him get away with it the next thing he'll be saying is that "there have never been any concentration camps" like his chubby counterpart Kim keeps claiming.
I think you mean "The Incredibles."

Unless you're talking about Professor Richard Impossible.
this year has been so weird and unforgettable
Kind of sad, I don't want to remember him like this. 

His supporters, on the other hand? Unforgettable. 
Yes, that is the way Trump Voter "think", when reality doesn't fit their feelings and biases they strike it out and replace it with what does.

It's sad and pathetic but I am delighted at your literal expression of the phenomenon.
Stunning. And the decorations are nice too.
Texas is a gorgeous and wonderful state.
The website is “currently unavailable in most European countries”... Fuck article 11 & 13. Fuck them with a chainsaw. 
 You see some chubby, pasty basement dweller screaming---handle it before they take out their weapon.

Jesus Christ. It's bad enough that you are attacking the alt-right based on their appearances. Now we are saying to straight up attack weird looking people? This is fucked up. 
It's a standard of the template as I didn't see the use of "inaudible". It reads strangely though I imagine writing down any conversation Trump is a part of is strange.
Show me where in anarchist theory it says “large scale communes are good and possible” and I’ll show you someone who would benefit from medicare for all coverage for an optometrist so they can get some reading glasses
Yeah because you definitely go to prison for self-defense with no damaged party, no injuries and no filed complaint. Sure, buddy.
On the surface, yes. That sounds reasonable. However, because the people trying to enact this legislation are vehemently against the 2nd, I'm a bit wary of this.
I usually make a rule not to comment when I'm exhausted... Don't know what came over me. Essentially I regret having used ableism or other tactics in order to humiliate white supremacists, when I can be better.
Lol you're good. I was vague. But yeah, assuming we manage to successfully overthrow hierarchy, the revolution would act as a guide for posterity, and hopefully motivate them to react with more urgency. Seeing how nasty things got/will get.
That's because Reddit is full of hive mind Millenials and copycat Zoomers. Collective thought is far easier than unique individual thought.
Don’t talk wet!
If they’re clean why not release them to own the libs more? Why is he so petrified of having them released?

Do you also have the mental capacity of a tic tac?
I love Washington, but man are they getting tight with the laws. 
So what's the end game? I tried explaining this to my friends earlier and couldn't give a satisfactory answer. What would happen if we *could* prove the Obama DOJ used this info to get the FISA warrant?
I'm petrified of how the Senate will rush and undo everything being done here.  I am very worried that the republicans will never do the right thing here.
Has it only been 7 billion?  God I’m exhausted.
Holy fuck he’s so close reality is being passed around like a hot potato amongst his 4 brain cells and he’s just not able to see the whole picture
I love the contradicting arguments about poverty in America. Either they are starving to death or morbidly obese because “fast food is cheap.”
To be fair there are many on the right who are unable to hear opposing viewpoints as well. Fortunately conservatives don’t riot, loot and burn their own neighborhoods when they are socially or politically unhappy.
Does not function. I'm at a military base, practically overflowing with dangerous guns (some people in scary looking camo are even *walking around with guns!*), and yet it says "no guns where found." What the heck!?! Bad, non-functional app.
Did you miss the first decade of this century? Because they can make out like fucking bandits in the short term by selling snake-oil mathematics to idiotic investors. Private businesses do not do long-term planning well.
I have made meme recommendations in threads about a particular meme.  I have then seen my dreams become memes days later.

So, feel free to post a recommendation in any thread that started with a meme post.
Umm, he is responsible directly or indirectly for every single action the Executive branch takes, including what the military does.  He absolutely has direct oversight over military contracts.  That’s why being President is a big deal.
This is indeed a free speech sub.  We don’t consider mere cross-posts to be vote manipulation.  Reddit provides no tools for detecting vote manipulation so its effectively impossible to enforce any restriction on this fairly except in clearly egregious cases.

In general we try to err towards not removing content here.
But with a tight enough labor market for long enough they are finding these people. 73.7% of the jobs gained were from hiring outside the labor market.

[URL]
The scaremongers twisted a discussion about what is basically a DNR for live born infants with severe birth defects to mean that Virginia democrats want to literally euthanize unwanted babies after they're born.
Israel is sucking us dry. Universal healthcare and college there. Fuck them.
I think this post is unnecessarily unkind to “faggots”
We need to make it 3 out of 3.

Have another donut, Michael Moore, you fat fuck.
It’s pretty rare for a law to go into effect over night. Any plan, whether passed by Bernie, or Warren, or Biden, or Buttigieg, would almost certainly have a multi-year transition period, which would almost certainly include a gradual expansion like you describe.
I didn’t say I was a communist, but thanks for contributing to fruitful discussion on a debating thread..

Also saying the world produces enough food for all its inhabitants doesn’t imply post scarcity, resources can be scarce without people dying of starvation.
Hot take: Yang will drop after Iowa because he will negotiate his support for someone else.
I wonder how that will play out in the inevitable Supreme Court challenges on Citizens United once the epic scale of what it legalized will be understood.

Precisely: what the fuck did you expect was going to happen by making it legal to simply hide the source of funds pouring into political campaigns?!
The administration just needs to remove platform protections from any social media that curates content. 

If they are censoring ideas, than it is a tacit approval of any ideas not censored.
Why is it impossible for you to speculate on who might have put these posters up? Are you incapable of having an original thought?
Dear Mr Nymph. Ive avoided posting in your other sub because I think you want somewhere clear of us dirty lefties, and I can respect that. May I ask why you are also putting stuff back on here? None if my business, I know, I’m just being nosey.
But have they tasted those delicious chicken sandwiches? 😌
Happy New year!!!
How old are you that you would think that?
that sounds delicious
A rant? you calling that a rant? young repubs on campus will be calling for a class temperature below freezing so they don't melt.
The center-right Republican party is ancient history. You'd have to look back to George H. Bush. Gingrich came in and nuked that party back in '94.
They consider it a unique circumstance being the president. He isn't supposed to block anyone as that would be a violation of Freedom of Speech. He has however locked groups like Vote for Vets. That's what I consider messed up.
You're one of them if you are judging me for not going out of my way to know a black person lol
Listen to yourself

But I thought you were a One Nation Conservative
Yeah because your opinion is the only one that matters . I forgot that’s how democracy worked , my bad
I'd hardly call Alex Booth mentally ill. A little tipsy with a historical sense of humor maybe but mentally ill, I Just don't see it.
"Special needs is the new normal." Therefore, TDS is normal.
I agree something should be done about the pollution. But violence will solve absolutely nothing. The economy is soaring, i find it hard to beleive thats not helping poorer people too.  WHAT. IDEOLOGY? Dismissing my views because of where i was born is idiotic
This is just like having nice infidels hand out delicious bacon and beer to street Moslems. We all know the average Moslem would welcome that experience with the sort of tolerance and understanding we expect from the followers of Mohomet.
So the guy who helped cover for Bush Sr worked alongside the guy who helped cover for Bush Jr. 

Barr, Durham, Stone, etc are all incredibly perfect examples of why we can't just 'move on' as a nation and forget about the wrongdoing once someone is out of office.
Brett "I might have fallen asleep after a few beers but never blacked out" Kavanaugh
No just more intelligent than Johnson gove and Rees-mogg.
I thought I could watch the video of that horrific event

I was wrong

decided to visit with my guns instead, even though it's not Sunday Gunday yet
After they are completely destroyed the Republicans have to come back in for the cheap real estate and gentrify the area. But improvements bring the bombed out and depleted population to complain about how they can't afford to live in the areas that are being improved anymore. 
Does that include drunk driving deaths as well?
“Your so ignorant”. Lol.

“You couldn’t go down Certain streets at night.”  

Yeah, that’s unique to Baltimore.
Oh, because I don't cry about every "unkind word" I live in my parents basement? How's your Kleenex stash doing? Is it almost depleted from all the sobbing you've done over Bruce Jenner being called a man still?
[INAUDIBLE] Steve Bannon

I'm not sure why that's so funny to me
Right?

Get back to me when this actually gets implemented and we have thousands of people getting these drugs free.

In the meantime, I remain skeptical.
Orange man wasn't bad enough. Cucks voted and still lost even though the Republicans were up against Dems, the dead, illegals and NeverTrumpers.

Get bent, blue flush losers.
arrogance is perfect, what else is it to believe that everyone else is brainwashed except you, who somehow has the gift to see through it all?
He’s the shitty aoe mage in their dirty spellcleave group that keeps wiping on the first pull. Then blames the healer (the dems)
If Clinton gets the nomination and then the politically spotless Warren runs as her vice, I'm campaigning for Trump actively.  It means the system is hopelessly broken and we may as well bring it down now as later.
Did anyone else just get the e-mail full of shade and scalding hot tea? 😂😂😂☕️☕️☕️
Labour are not the party to vote for if you are sick of this bullshit.
Yeah, I wrote that a little tipsy. I meant researching new treatment options that could rebalance your brain to match the sex to you are. 
This is clearly a cultural difference between Americans and Russians.  But yes, do a google image search of "Putin selfie" and you'll see Putin getting his picture taken with delighted fans doing his best not to smile.  Yeah, I think it's weird too.
Haters gonna hate and oh, my, isn't this "Hillary's special blend of sour grapes whine" tasty!
My wife has a gas/electric hybrid. We didn't buy it to save the planet. She literally puts $20 of gas in the thing every few months. Cheap AF to run. If it makes good economic since then why not!
But some things are treated as life-or-death when they are merely scarce , such a status.
Youre right goal post shift was unkind and inaccurate. Its more like you're correcting an argument im not making. I continually say Marx was wrong. But, credit where credit is due, he was a prolific writer. That's literally all I'm saying.
Not hard to be better than someone who sues a fake cow.
Link?  I was watching this episode with my mouth ajar like "wow..."

Tucker really is my favorite

Then Ben Shapiro

Then Milo
The more repressive your home regime is, the more telling it is when you're allowed to go out and marry some rich old white guy who's hot shit in the "free" part of the world.
I'm sure the kid is delighted that his death is being predicted for a political billboard.

I mean, how much lower can you go?



By definition that is catch and release. Difference is you're being released out of USA. Har har. 

&#x200B;

Seriously, fuck Obama and liberals. They twisted so many shit in the english language I have to go out of my way to add specifics like that. 
Calling cops pigs is an insult to pigs. Pigs are tasty and cute and smart. Cops are lying lumps of cancer. 
Gerry Sandusky (sports broadcaster in Baltimore) had a miserable time as well despite being a very pleasant man
giving 1000 a month to citizens sounds to me like he is big on people if anything
And we all know women get pregnant out of thin air. No other human is involved, certainly not a man.
Certainly has nothing to do with the constant efforts of the ‘small government’ right to defund the Department in the last few decades.
They pay very little in tax, legally. What you would be looking at most likely is cooking of the books, more like Enron. And a LOT of people faced charges for that.
Stunning display of gaslighting and propaganda.
“I’m going to be winning so much you’re gonna say: ‘but Mr. Trump, we’re sick of winning!”
True, people say The US has the best military but Israel has to be up there, I mean who knows maybe they already beat us in military strength which is sad, it's such a small country. But like trump says our military is depleted. 
100% certain this was a guy who grew up genuinely believing he could outlaw homework, too.
This is good! Very [URL] the way, we are not “Bernie Sanders fans,” we are progressives and compassionate human beings who are sick and tired of the suffering here and around the world that is caused by American greed and hegemony...
And the same meme could be made about every other democratic figure. There are 3 definite truths: people will always get angry, people will always make stupid faces, and Trump will always make stupid jokes online that people become outraged at.
Search Susie Orbach - Fat is a feminist issue
To be honest, the idea of a winning option in a referendum having less than 50% makes that idea even less palatable to me, and that would be very likely to happen if there were more than two options. 
Aaand this is when I realized that this Jon Favreau is different from the chubby Swingers guy with the eye bags.
Human intelligence is almost extinct.  Peterson only has verbal intelligence, so he has no significant ideas.  The only intelligent person that I know of on YouTube is Varg.

[URL]

He is a white nationalist and I am jewish, so I don't share his beliefs.  But at least he isn't stupid.

WTF meet at the Seychelles? 

Cuz it's really fucking gorgeous there
She’s gorgeous! Congrats, I hope you make many beautiful republican babies. 
Oooh, do they serve Agu pork? Those things are mighty tasty! 
Wouldnt surprise me one bit tbh it really is the perfect way to describe a lot of the politics in NI. Foyle originally but also lived North Antrim and South Belfast.
It was posted many times in here.  You were probably snug in your bed dreaming MAGA dreams.  The absolutely correct woman takes potato o'cuck to the cleaners.  

Its worth making sure the morning people see it as well.
The Tories would never be able to say anything bad about Labour ever again. That’s a brilliant idea.
:) 

There was a docu series on PBS from 1988 called "Television" narrated by Edwin Newman. Apparently early adopters saw great gains from advertising but as time went by, it was impossible to tell.
As a huge South Park fan, this season was totally forgettable. The only thing memorable was Gerald trolling online and bothering Ike. 
What you are missing is that some of the smart ones appear like idiots because they’re dirty and have to cow tow to their masters or risk their livelihood or lives.
Yeah probably, on a deeper level he instilled himself into me being the last born only son.. Like he was running out of time. But I soaked it up like a sponge. If it weren't for my Dad I'd be a cucked, soy boy Liberal.
I don't like Keemstar and consider him rather vile, but this new form of social justice where a band of large YouTube channels uses their fans to try and push someone off the site seems a bit unsettling and very wrong.


A white guy grabbing the mic from elected black city council members and asking who chose them as black leaders.

I swear, you can't make this shit up.
protects the physical safety of US Presidents - and Donald Trump for some reason - not the PR image

Crystal clear.  
That whole video was a most excellent salt harvest
The israelis do effectively poison palestinian water by using depleted uranium and bombing treatment plants though. In the face of ethbic cleansing, fetishizing nonviolence is pretty dumb
Do we draw the line anywhere? How about second amendment protection for hunting with depleted uranium?
But a lot of the Dark Knight is literally about Batman recognizing that he's not the one who should save the city. He's trying to support "Gotham's white knight" Harvey Dent, so that he doesn't have to be Batman anymore.
i wonder if that coat is any good at staying warm
Poll: The majority of water is wet.

What a waste of "no shit Sherlock" time.
BLTs are certainly delicious. Guac imo is great too. Im sure the sandwich is fine. The cultivation of identities part is the problem.
I think it's a combination of the two to be honest. He gaffed a lot less and was much more centrist than the others. Plus holy shit was i exhausted.
your vision was okay but I hate the new adaptation of sanders where he's just dour all the time like saving the world is just a burden for him  
tbh at this point I am rooting for the billionaire who wants to punch him, because at least he has some memorable lines
"I hope your kids and grandkids suffocate"

That's a terribly unkind and uncivil thing for you to say. It is however a typical retort from science deniers in the party of hate.
 Trump talks about Northam wanting post birth abortion. 

Are you talking about that racist Northam's comments about DNR policy for terminally ill infants?

The fact check proves Trump was right.

Ha, no. That's actually very wrong. Unless DNR = abortion now for you people?

It is actually hiding your comment ,l was just trying to figure our why it was hidden when it was not in a large negative score .Send a message to the mods ,this is the first time l have seen it on such a large scale .
This is going to be DELICIOUS. Please don't delete your account!

RemindMe! December 2020
I think you missed a recent presentation on faulty memory construction that was posted in this thread. You may want to have a look at that. For the rest I'll just ignore your insults; they say more about you than about me.
Ths thing you can't know about is doing really good things for you. Really. We just can't tell you about them because they're secret. Don't worry though, our spotless record of always using your secrets to our advantage tells you everything you need to know about the future. 
Funny article. TL;DR Black people don't hate him because he's conservative, but because he opposes affirmative action and governmental social programs. So it is because he's conservative.
And with that comment, the dial of ideas has officially moved to scalding
Funny thing is that PC originally meant ideas that are palatable to your political “in-group” but not based in fact. See “lysenkoism”.


Not believing in climate change is the most “PC” thing I’ve ever heard of in that context
Breaking! Trump takes a dump on the desk of the Oval Office.

Republicans: everyone calm down. We all have bowel movements. Besides, Hillary’s emails Vince foster fast and furious Benghazi uranium one is what we should be discussing unless you’re a deep state spy.
Trump: Hold my diet coke...

Also Trump: have you ever seen a thin person drinking diet coke?
Memenememwmememwneme! Me! Can not wait! I think it’s gonna be hilarious!
Not Cuomo, Pence (even though it’s most likely unconstitutional I can see them trying it).
His momma bent her knees in Cuba
I never thought I wanted a big house until now. A dishwasher for my wet bar in my theater room. Now that's opulence and I want it.
"11 instances of faulty capitalism"

Oh I'd say there's a lot more **faulty capitalism** than that going on in Washington right now...

🙋 Ammi right!?
Statistically impossible without influence. Poor kid.
Not a fascist, probably just has a lot of business interests in China that would be threatened if Xi Jinping had any reason to dislike him.

Supporting President Winnie the Pooh is bad, fascism is bad, but they are far from the same.
That’s funny cause most of the idiots on this leftist trash sub do the same thing to him.
No. They're parched. 
They don't look haggard and hungry enough from 20 years of ignoring climate change until the economy collapses.
I guess pussy grabbin is just fine too then.

Serious red flag that there are no videos of trump fondling people but there are of Biden..  makes you wonder what kind of sick shit he’s hiding.
lmfao have not heard that term going in dry in a long time
I'm sure speaking of them so divisively on a platform known to house a large number of them will convince them to support your point of view!
They destabilized Lybia, and turned it into a failed state.

Think Iran and the Shah being deposed by the ayatollah but the result is open air slave markets.
\ Talks about twisted hateful cults

\ Posts in KiA

Hmm...
Good reason why we need tight voter ID laws
Hey charlie kirk, Zero net immigration is the only possible future of freedom. Just 1 more state flips and a Republican never gets elected again.
They buy the arms from the US specifically to commit hideous crimes in Yemen, and it's bipartisan... Why would a single murder interfere with that?
Oh oh , daaddy not gonna like Chatbot saying he's happy to impeach Drumpf.
The dude said he was rigging the trial out loud.... what the fuck is there to question. This is the moment if you have common sense that little light bulb 💡 goes off and you realize this is an entire republican CRIMINAL enterprise.. this is not politics dumb ass.
As I said, she should just pretend that grandmother didn’t exist, to appease those who are unhappy.  My 11th great grandfather was Gov. William Bradford, I am going to disown him.
That’s exactly the point. She’s aiming to fracture off confused/Unsure/inattentive Democratic voters from the real options in the election.

A ‘Present’ vote is exactly what those types of voters would do in her position. She’s attempting to be relatable towards a quiet, yet huge, demographic.
If that's the case maybe just move to a dictatorship then.   Why should the population of Indiana dictate what's good for California?   

Democracy isn't perfect, but we've tried all sorts of systems of government throughout history and it's the best we've got.
Warren is the old cat lady across the street who walks up and down the street in her night gown and Half plastered.
Actually, the money is paid for by a VAT that includes b2b transactions. So the “losers” are big business. But in the US, many of the biggest companies can avoid paying taxes by having big loss carry forwards and minimizing domestic profits, and these companies will start to pay some taxes.
Joe stated that he and Elon started drinking before the podcast, and both were tipsy when they went live.
The broadcaster has to be licensed to use scarce public airwaves; nobody actually has to be licensed to speak.  
She forgot how dark her skin is...
Yeah to train them one would need to print out photos of that hideous wench’ 
Too bad she didn't use scalding hot coffee on that.

Why the hell haven’t we done the same?!?!

I’m getting tired of taking it up the ass.
Believe what specifically? The evidence is pretty clear that Trump should be impeached, for a minimum of obstruction of justice, not withstanding the whole timeline of the Ukraine scandal.
If it's gone , it's because they are replacing the damaged one with a shiny new one.  Once a star is added, it is never removed.
There's a difference between immigrants and refugees.  Either way, when the elevator is full, the door closes.  And that's what's wrong with all these immigrants and refugees just pouring in and breaking the system.
sTuNNinG aND BrAVe
Scolding. Scalding is for temperature. 
The Brexit Party does an excellent job of making Brexiteers look bad. You'd think he'd at least pull up google and check her out before making a statement like this.
Noncommittal? Inconsistent? 
Counterintuitive...?
RELATED WORDS
unreasonable, illogical, nonsensical, faulty, implausible, absurd, contradictory, capricious, erratic, reasonless, senseless, preposterous, sophistic, untenable
Fun side note: my therapist and I talk a lot about my unkind self-critical inner voice. I’ve officially named it Andrew Scheer since it’s a whiny bitch who only ever talks about what can’t be done instead of giving a good reason to listen to it.
They're working on synthetic sperm. Once they perfect that, there will be mandatory prenatal hormone therapy to gradually phase men out of production.
Top kek, huge loss for lovers of delicious chicken. Get the waffle fries extra crispy.
don't forget to water her, she seems parched.
I love you Colonal Sanders (finished), played some Josies Tanks before I got bored, now I'm trying out The Dark Inside Me.
UGGGGHHH so tired of hearing "we're a Republic, not a Democracy"
Read the link I posted for [URL] directly contradicts your statement.

President Trump is pro free speech 100%.

I don't care about SNL. Neither do most American voters.
NOW you’re exhausted?? I’ve been running on fumes for over a year now 
Mass shootings in general are so rare it's almost literally a rounding error.
Quick note for Jihad Jane: If I had said, "Movie theaters imprison children and keep unwashed, destitute refugees locked in cages forced to drink their own urine!" and then someone shoots up a theater." I would expect someone to ask me if I denounce it. GTFO with your BS.
When a rainy day fund isn't used to aid the victims of the rainiest day in US history, it is not a rainy day fund - it is a slush fund.
One day they may even not view homosexuality and feminism as 'extremism'. I fear they won't be the leading light for progressive democracies any time soon.
I completely agree with you and have no argument against your logic. I just hate to give the liberal media talking points if it turns out to be a faulty electrical recep
Well that's your opinion but I was talking about his composure when challenged on such matters. It's impeccable.
Seriously, the delusion is impeccable.
I think we misunderstood each other. My response was Satire "Muslim Buddies". I didn't understand your reference to Jews since I made no reference to Jews.


My distain for ISLAM and all other filthy Gang Rapists STANDS
It helps when an intelligent person like William Barr gives credence to exactly what you just wrote. It is a plot to make us faithless and amoral. Faith in a higher power is the glue that makes good societies.
Warm up to the impeachment hearings.
First one of those for me was with a neighboring shooter's SBR with muzzle brake on a supposedly clear range. That lit me up pretty good and I don't remember which unkind things I said but the shooter ended up leaving early. It's a special kind of suck.
No. That isn’t the dichotomy here. Am I not allowed to say that the mere fact that a joke/meme is shitting on the right doesn’t make it funny?
Outside of the Affordable Care Act, I don't see Obama's administration being remembered for much of anything.

That said, I'll take forgettable to unforgettable clusterfuck.
Make that two cold ones!
His face lift was pulled too tight.
Never said anything of the sort. Just that the OH shooter was a leftist, anti trump person, and you’d never hear it on the news. But you certainly hear about the other guy. No president is directly responsible for these horrific acts. What trend? Have and facts or data?
Like providing water to a parched garden.  
She always sounds drunk to me. I don’t think she is, but she sounds like it.
You'd be ok with leaving that poor man destitute in the streets with only a mere 102 billion dollars? How will he ever get by?
You are welcome to look into the gut bacteria profiles of the obese if you'd like, its far beyond "not good". If good bacterial takes 500 a day down to 200 a day, that IS the difference between chubby and obese. 
That's a good point and it makes me wonder.
The ancient what?
I worked a union warehouse job during college

Every woman hired was immediately given the easy jobs (moving bags around, sorting light packages, getting supplies, etc.) even though they didn't have seniority

While the guys were routinely moving 70+lb equipment each shift

*Equality*
That tweet says "they have him on tape"...

I guess that's a speculation at best but, what does it mean? Like a Nixon type tape or like a Russian hooker piss soaked tape?
When there’s a large enough supply of these robots that can affect society as a whole the price will be driven down.  Also building these robots sounds like a complete new industry, which will have a high demand for workers.
[URL] says she's donated $800 to Kamala Harris, $250 to Keith Ellison, and that is the extent of her donations large enough to require reporting.
 How about Russia persecutes them, to have Putin pardon them, would that be adequate?

That would be very Trump-like.
That’s a funny way to spell “Planet”
Lukewarm Take: at least with a massive majority the government doesn't have to keep the ERG happy.
A couple interesting articles to consider:

[Article]([URL]): What Does a Knee Replacement Cost? The Stunning Story from One Hospital

[Article]([URL]): Blue Cross Blue Shield Association Study Reveals Extreme Cost Variations for Knee and Hip Replacement Surgeries:
 We live in such a prosperous society that electing to be vegan by choice is real nice. 

It's right up there with de-cluttering as a luxury lifestyle choice. The only truly poor vegan I ever knew was constantly sick.
Obligatory "we need one of them in the Senate" response.

(I don't disagree with the sentiment... it's just funny to see the pattern every single day here.)
Why would they have the need to watch news TV during a thanksgiving dinner in the first place?

Like, a sports game, or a light family movie after you're finished eating, I get that. But who cares about all that shit when you're with your loved ones?
You can see it's a mask covering the lizard face.  Notice the tan of the mask meeting the light and spotted lizard skin around the cheek are and going under the chin of the mask.
I didn't go through any posts outside this thread

I just think you're insufferably hideous and I want your gross disgusting self far away from me at all times
That's unfair on A Level Maths books. At least A Level Maths books have a ton of useful content.
Hardly? Join the winning side! It's free!
Well, I think if they loose the Congress, Trump will make the Republican Party very unhappy, that could help.
Poor Jobless going extinct. Dems love the Jobless species, VOTE DEM if you want Jobless to live!
Lots of people are working hard and can't afford food for them and their family.
L.O.D. *(Loud Obnoxious Drunks)* were a crust-core punk band from Torrance, CA in the late nineties. They met on the street where they would ask for change with their dogs.

Their most memorable song was the 43-second long anthem, *Eat My Filth.*
One could argue that if we redistributed properly then poverty would be solved today.

Consumerism is a cancer.

It only takes so much money to be happy and productive. It's also mindful to your peers and future inhabitants of the planet by living with an active respect for consumption given that resources are scarce. 
Either sliced avocado on toast or mashed avocado spread on toast.  It's considered upper-middle-class millennial brunch food now but it's been cheap Cuban Abuela food for like 30 years...
Why the fuck am I hungry 😡😡😡
I for one am thankful. As long as they continue to show their absurd beliefs they will never be a major party. Our system is broken in so many ways, but at least it's not broken by libertarians.
I certainly get satisfactory return rates.  In fact, the interest I get from a savings account beats inflation by an average of 2%-3%.  Empirical evidence seems to be disparate from your theory.
If I give them a better son than I then I  become obsolete ?! I will do no such thing! They have to keep their incredibly mediocre son.
Greater sea ice area is not the only thing to look for. This is actually strong evidence for global warming when you look into the details. Sea ice volume is still decreasing releasing fresh water that sits on top of the ocean. Its this fresh water that is freezing causing larger sea ice area.
Jesus Christ, this is horrific. :'(
Russia must be impressed by how much reach the west thinks they have. That or annoyed quite heavily.
Quick mods are asleep
Seriously FOX... what the fuck?  Calm down Chris, we know you hate the president.
So what you're saying is that racism is a solvable personal problem that no one should care about, but being a "vile rapper" is an unsolvable, inexcusable societal problem that everyone totally needs to care about?
LOL thinking the same damn thing. A gorgeous woman like her has got to be an amazing morale booster.
If it stops people from starving? If it stops kids from starving? Yeah, why not. You'll live, I'm sure.
They are extremely thin skinned. Anything that isn't cheering on the Winnie the Pooh regime will result in a ban.
How is it not? Black literally didn't advance in the last few hundred years. If there were no Whites and Chinese, they would still live pre middle ages.
I didn't. My words are very clear. I'm also not a conservative.  Edit your comment.

And if you think there's a sizeable market for unavailable bootleg movies you're just not correct.  That's all available legitimately.
That's some scalding hot tea you're serving today, buddy.
American cities face some interesting problems:
- 1%ers storing value in downtown real estate
- designing cities to accommodate cars over public transport/pedestrians
- divide between residential and commercial portions of the cities. 
Large scale planning always leads to unexpected and more importantly unsolvable problems.
You can't make this stuff up. Unbelievable. What babies. How embarrassing for the POTUS, but he's totally unflappable. Love our POTUS!!!
Ya, both of them.  I mean how fucking bad is it that Carter of all people was the best president of my lifetime?  Twisted shit I tell ya...
I'm indifferent about it, but I'm annoyed there's such a double standard with women. If a female comedian mentions vaginas the internet gets all pissy, but 80% of CKs set was always about jacking off. 
In the 60s for integration.

Also, the idea people should just move to California if all the neighbors are unkind and judgemental feels like saying the right answer to hate is to let the bully get his way.   Also people don't have the funds to leave.

Just pointing it out.
Clip was initially uploaded by Sputnik and then taken by the CBC who cleaned it up and selected certain parts of it.
They're scared of Trump, their party, and Fox news. They can't vote with their conscious because of these things as well as the upcoming primaries.

Pretty hopeful outlook on those people but hey
IF anything it was overdone, like Trump's ketchup soaked steak.
Getting tired of 'Phase 1 nearly complete, get excited.'
It is a risk for sure but I imagine security will be beyond water tight if the visit does take place.
You think they are ridiculous now, just think what they will be when school is free. Ridiculous and worthless x 1,000,000,000,000. Have they even thought about what free college looks like?
 But now it's somehow been twisted into a dirty word.

It's because millenials are so "entitled."

A lot of work has gone into building a Pavlovian response to that word.
This thread is reddit in a nutshell. Zero understanding of economics and taxation. The only real reason to chase out Amazon was to keep the housing prices down but even that was a bit of a stretch since it's New York and eventually something will go there since land is becoming scarce.
Anf the US economy don’t forget. This nonsensical trade war is going to lead to a horrific global recession. Coupled with Brexit, and the global recession that will bring, the world is going to struggle.
What the fuck is a moral backslide to Ancient Rome
Is there a clip of the silly postmodernist herself so I can laugh at her without having to listen to this blithering idiot for 20 minutes?
Perfect. Rent free.
Good. Fuck em. Tired of dragging their kicking and screaming stupid fucking asses into the 21st century. Let them throw their tantrums and deal with the consequences on their own for a while. They’ll never learn otherwise.
I gotta say this sub is a lot worse than i expected if a non-functional link reaches second place

As other people said, its usually upvoted for translation or to get an explanation. OP provided the link pretty quickly too. 
And good for current and future terminally ill patients? It's win-win. 

Why do you hate yourself?
Remember when he was subpoenaed by Congress to turn over his email servers but deleted 30,000 emails before he did? 

Not to mention his charity that was actually an enormous money laundering and pay for influence operation. 
  gold-plated hookers.

They used only *genuine* Bender's Choice brand hookers.

"Make tonight unforgettable, go on a Bender"
You’re right, I should have elaborated. I was thinking of something like Andrew Yang’s Freedom dividend, which would be in large part funded by a VAT.
I dunno man it's cool an' all but... I dunno.
Power hungry utopian ideologues?
Audience: [Inaudible]
Shoots radio guy, "Now everyone just calm down.  We can all listen to TV well looking at our phones."
Thank you. To your query: False, conservatives only want violent criminals who've hurt innocent people (thieves and murderers) disarmed. As to the non-felonious poor, I support 100% their right to arm themselves, and same with other ethnicities too.
It's probably because there's a 55 gallon sized can of gigantic worms nobody wants opened.
Money saved by individuals is difficult to leverage into campaign donations from fossil fuel companies.
God damn she’s ugly

[This clip needs a re-edit]([URL])
Do you think the apparent incompetence of some regime soldiers could be because the conflict has dragged on so long and depleted their standing forces and now they are using less trained soldiers, or is there some other reason?
If this story was about Obama, that shit would be plastered all over fox news 24/7.
remember, OWS started after the worst of the summer. whether it's frostbite/hypothermia in the winter, getting soaked in the spring or heat stroke in the summer. weather is going to constantly be a factor. it's the nature of outdoor occupation.
Drats! Foiled by 20th century technology. How could that be when walls are so ancient they even predate the wheel? The wheel! Ancient technology, the wheel. Even cars have wheels! Nobody could have known about cordless technology. Nobody, I tell you.
Ronald Reagan was the one who helped pave the way for Trump in a big way. Catering the Republican Party to the evangelicals and anti intellectuals helped plant the seeds for Trumps   election.
I'm GOTV for 3 hours for Doug today. Today also happens to be the first and probably only day we're getting snow. I'm going to freeze my ass off. But I am quite confident that rage will keep me snug and warm.


Snapshots:

1. Apparently Yang is white - [[URL]]([URL]), [[URL]]([URL])



*I am just a simple bot, **not** a moderator of this subreddit* | [*bot subreddit*](/r/SnapshillBot) | [*contact the maintainers*](/message/compose?to=\/r\/SnapshillBot)
Please get Ben Stiller to play Castor in the SNL sketch from this. I know he already played Cohen but he'd be perfect.
This is why I was hell bent on not going to a state school when picking colleges. I picked the former Big 10 school that abolished varsity football
Ah, the delicious strawman. Such good fiber for a soy boy like yourself.
Look at these neoliberal centrists clutch their pearls. We cant possibly have a candidate that has the interests of every day Americans. Think of the bankers!! Wont anybody please think of the bankers!!!

They are very scared of Sanders. They should be.
This is old
Africa is a continent and not a race. People from Somalia do not identify as black. 
[URL]
Strange behavior for someone with such low approval in his home state.
I think this is such an important time in the world because these vile old school conservatives and their backwater agendas and corruption are now in the public eye.

Unfortunately it takes tragedy and chaos to get the majority of people to wake up.

Too many people are still asleep.
This actually wouldn't have been so bad if we could have coordinated with our actual allies. If we make it out of this mess, we need to do that and ween our over eager and greedy corporations off of the "warm *teat* of *China".*
Just go to r/guns if you want gat pics. You can’t talk about politics there except for in one thread anyway. This sub is kinda explicitly for talking about a certain strain of gun politics
Can you imagine if the media allowed conservatives to simply not discuss certain topics?
 They just need to have more children so they don't go extinct.

I volunteer as tribute.
Pro Israel content is just as retarded as pro Palestine content. We shouldn’t be in the Middle East or give a shit about either country.
 Seems like over here, they didn't list a reason or made it vague. It's very important to say why you take down something.

Seems like they run a *private company* which *doesn't owe you shit* when it comes to transparency. Want a completely transparent process? Start your own company!
Anti-intellectualism and limited access to an adequate education means a large percentage of American voters genuinely don't understand what's going on right now. The GOP is also extremely successful at selling their propaganda using Fox News, which is owned by Rupert Murdoch who also owns the Sun and probably other publications. 
You may need referring to someone else.

The GOP isn't the "problem" it's the inevitable symptom of a greater problem. However I believe the US Constitution is adequate to address this issue in the long term.
I am so sorry for your loss. Dobermans are absolutely gorgeous. Yours was stunning. Bless his heart. Such a shame the vet couldn't save this lovely. This seriously makes me [URL] heart goes out to you.
I won't bother reading the article but I have to feel it is probably just as bad as losing your child in general or any other horrific event where your child dies.  It's never a good thing.
SLEEPY JOE - HES A SLEEPY GUY
Thank you I’m getting tired of having to tell people this
He gets more and more like a 7th-grader on Snapchat spatting about her rival dating the school-jock.

This is the POTUS.

Even our BoJo isn't as pathetic as this wet blouse.
good news for everyone who invested 3 years ago... too bad for the ones who invested 2 years ago.
I'm on mobile,  but it's common knowledge that substance abuse is a big factor in why some people are homeless.  That's backed by the NHS and several homeless related organizations. Mental illness, substance abuse,  and lack of adequate shelters are often listed as the major reasons for homelessness. 
Shiiiiit. After watching this video (I was at work before) I am so excited to see this chan develop. His voice is needed. I personally am starving for pragmatic direction, and can't wait to see where and how it grows.
"The new ones are like waaay better and make total sense, the old ones are boring with stupid plots."
This!! I have people respond with “it’s okay I like my tailored advertising”. Yeah it’s cool but also we should be getting paid for OUR DATA.
Also I feel it should be mentioned that a surprisingly decent tank was also the Panzer III. Although it wasn't adequate in the slightest for armor vs armor combat with a 5cm gun, it was pretty well suited to an infantry support role when the Nazis actually deployed it smartly
Ha! That *is* a good one. I've always wondered how calm, stone-faced Sam comes up with those funny quips. Reminds me of a lot of unforgettable Hitch debate quotes actually. Makes me all the more grateful that Sam's still with us. Here's to them both.
Nothing like sipping on a cup of coffee that tastes like a half burnt cigar. Give me a light roast with a splash of half and half.

I think we can both agree that those medium roast nerds need to grow a pair and choose a side.
To stuff his fat face
Irony is sometimes hard to convey. This was an attempt at humor meant to imply that liberals are not the brightest. If this picture were true, it would take them 4 advocados to do the job of one. But I know you really understood that right?
Yep. Its a one day old account with only negative hostile messages posted by someone ugly who has no family for thanksgiving and is planning on spending the next five days in a drunken troll storm of ugliness.
Obligatory of course someone invented a word to accurately describe the fuckfest we’re in.

Also that Wikipedia page pretty much got doubled in size just because of POTUS.
God I love Kamala.  I don't even know why, guess it's warm fuzzies, not rational.  But really, she has such spirit and is tough as steel.
You’ll never guess who!

I'll take a certain group of rootless cosmopolitan merchants for $2000, Alex
No because that is a incredibly minor issue happening to a microscopic amount of people and they are required to be released to family in the US or child protective services after 20 days.

That's pretty horrific.
buck nasty, what can I say about that suit hat hasn’t already been said about afghanistan

it looks bombed out and depleted
Labour went to far left afield, with an unclear Brexit message and scared big business with ideas of renationalisation.  Sure those ideas are great for the people, but had he been more clear on Brexit and more centre field I feel we would have had a different result.
The sticker itself is spotless. No scratches, no smudges, no nothing. OP absolutely put it on just to make a video of pulling it off. 

source: computer repair dude who sees laptop stickers all day long.
I’m surprised it was that low in the first place. Usually they’re fairly conservative.
Because I had a joke with you the other day about using the term "campaigner".

Bloody hell, it appears humour and interaction is impossible on this sub now.
As opposed to “this pussy, cryin, gun violence victim needs to stfu” and “now, wait a minute, this little bigot should be allowed to speak his opinion!”
A shitload of Russian interference in British politics, and a list of Tory donors we're not allowed to see.
Can you imagine how horrible it must be to live in South Carolina with all of that poor white trash?
Correct answer. I'm not ready to forgive and forget any sleepy elves, either.
Depleted Uranium Rounds they were using over there, it gets in the water, dust etc. I imagine it could cause pain. I'm no expert, just a thought. wicked stuff
Damn that's unkind, when I lived in Arizona I wasn't born there, and I literally never met a single person as radical as they're portrayed on the [URL] 9 years.
You can’t have proper insurance for such enormous and hard to quantify liabilities unless you set a maximum amount. Dilnot recommended individuals contribute £75,000 but it could be higher. The point being that it is a fixed sum that you know you might have to pay and can make plans for.
Yeah. She should defeat Russia, China and the republicans and all their dark money with just small donations. That will definitely win 2020 for the dems.
Lol what. Do they know you have to warm your car up? 
Even without future immigration, Britain is still going to be 60% white by 2070-80. 

Right now, of births last year, 60% of births were white British. That's down from 75+% in 1999.
Oh cool, wanna help me become a warlord?
In what universe is this an appropriate way for a presidential candidate to act? He started calling the voter fat???
Democrat Party and lynching, two activities traditionally hand-in-glove. Remember, George Zimmerman was a registered Democrat who voted twice for Obama before he killed that child on a rainy night in Florida. 
I could see the dickhead on Twitter “Terminally ill is inaccurate”
There's people out there that donate big sums of money to him. Or they did, I remember seeing it, these were adults, mind you. Guess he does the dog whistling real good.
Jesus tap dancing Christ! Even when my car was brand new, I paid less than $400 for six months of full coverage. Granted, my driving record is spotless, but $340 a month?!?
All of what you write is wrong.

Just picking one falsehood at random:

 They worship ancient Babylonian deities like Mithras.

Mithras was a Roman god, not a Babylonian one.
My favorite is the molon labe with the Spartan helmet and the spartan helmet is colored with the thin blue line flag. [URL]
Good luck. I refuse to count him out completely, even if he's favored not to win.

It might just be because I come from a fairly uncompetitive congressionial district, and I'm tired of people counting us out.
Whilst I fundamentally disagree with him on virtually every issue, I’ve always had a grudging respect for JRM because he has always been unflappable under pressure.
I lost that respect today, he had no answer to this doctor and resorted to calling him names. It was utterly pathetic.
That's a Graflex Speed Graphic, a 4x5 large format camera that was popular as a reporter's camera back in the day.
 Sater stabbed a guy in the face!

Ok. Hold up. I know I may have missed a few episodes or been too tipsy to remember, but when the fuck did this happen?!?
Day*

I'm too sleepy 😅
Americans will remember these ethical breaches. KellyAnne selling Trump gear is unforgettable. 
Boomers will die in the scalding oceans they formed only to call us snowflakes for complaining because they're older
All in bad faith.
my 7 year old loves trump because he has a giant white and blue plane. he wants a plane when he grows up too.  
    
kids are silly
Isn't public college pretty cheap for in state tuition anyway? The main cost is housing and food, which non-college workers need too
The woman that supported Trump and got cornered and egged is what did it for me. It made my choice crystal clear. I'll be siding with my countrymen, thanks.
Bad post, possibly racist and also electoralist, the perfect combo
Does that email address go to all of the GOP? I am tipsy and ready to shit email while watching football
Oh so the truth is republican talking points now. Senile old hag.
I too get annoyed when anyone critical of Israel is accused of being an anti semite.   But Omar evoking actual antisemitic stereotypes in her criticism of Israel was disappointing and discredits her campaign against Israel.  
I’ve been in a lot of really dumb arguments with people where they agree to everything except for the words “adequate facilities”. Apparently they believe that these cages are “adequate” for children. It’s disgusting. 
Drunk angry dad leaving bar that got in fight with fiance ran from cops with kid in front seat. May have backed into cops car. Did have hands up when shot.
It was blatantly obvious how annoyed he was at the republican distraction/yelling bullshit.
Couldn't agree more. Their double standard and hypocrisy is ridiculous.
And to not buy cheap chinese presents
For anyone interested, this is a talk by the CEO of Cambridge Analytica and how they go about their work. This is discussing the less nefarious part but it is unsettling. 

[URL]
I'm crippling it from the outside.

Also, ones with non-functional weaponry don't count.

Trump is like a Klan rally in oil soaked robes dancing around a blazing bonfire. Part of us wants to stop them, while the other part wants to sit back with popcorn and watch them suffer their own folly.

The only thing better than laser guided karma is self inflicted karma.
No I mean for like the first 3 weeks of that sub (that's honestly about it) It was a legit meme sub.  The memes got too deep and started attractive the people who actually think that way.  It didn't last long, and the master race started pouring in rapidly after that.
Are you tired of $15/hr people getting replaced by $10/hr machines?
Where is the help? Is it really up to me (chubby 30something) to head over and help out?

Why are other countries not heading over and aiding? Where is the UN?

I know we are having problems everywhere in the world, but damn, Venezuela seems to be in pretty deep..
Property is worth more than the life of a thief, and I’d rather see the inside of a courtroom than see my hard work stolen by some piece of shit who deserves to die.
Nobody going hungry in the United States, or dying because they can't afford healthcare either.
It’s never been anything more than a nonsense saying by people hell bent on destroying our country. It is illogical. Experience, ability, determination - those are strengths.
They’re strong in his twisted, insecure mind. So, given his severe NPD, he can’t even help but kiss their asses.
  I'm not sure how to make these young men have better personalities and be more attractive?

The thing is though that a lot of them do not believe they should have to. They just believe they should be accepted as they are. It's a sense of entitlement I think?
Hello history students of the future.  Most of us were happy this has finally happened.
A while back I was browsing comments on Facebook in regards to the dumbasses that shot each other and blamed it on illegals. I see this chubby white kid ( prob 17 through early 20s) saying how the border is being over run and we need the wall.  He was from from Connecticut...
For the longest time, I'd only ever heard the phrase stated out loud and thought "Chucky Arlaw" was some influential independence figure that got martyred...
Steve Schmidt and Bruce Bartlett and Richard Painter are real american heroes. I am a liberal but these guys focus on the truth. History will be unkind to republicans who are a danger to our democracy.
But then everyone would get sick twice as much.
Cleaning, probably makes a great deal of it, streets in the DPRK are known to be very clean
Ugh someone in the campaign fix this problem already so it can go away. I'm so sick of seeing this stupid twitter drama constantly being posted on the subreddit and it's only been 2 days lol
Ugly cry
His news company should go belly up after this run. No one wants to read the propaganda coming out of Bloomberg’s big inflated head
Hopefully it's embarrassing to people who actually "think" that fat Nixon is a normal President also. They actually exist. Especially in Alabama.
They adapt. Unlike sensitive alarmist snowflakes who become extinct if the temperature changes 1^o C to hear them tell it.
So you want a marriage to be treated as a contract, but that the government should preclude certain people from entering into these contracts with one-another?
The denial here is palatable only because Trump probably feels less like a puppet and more like a partner.

Still a puppet though.
Good on you bro! Don't be like these other guys, they seem so miserable. Sometimes all you can do is laugh!
Exactly.  When a story like that drops in ABC'S LAP,  it should be their obligation to expose the CRIME, instead of burying it.  They endangered kids as a result, for their own personal gain by covering up the CLINTON SKUM. UNBELIEVABLE.  SICK ASS PEDOPHILE POS.
It isn't a nasty thing to do though, it is a responsible and necessary thing to do based on the size of the deficit.
its for terminally ill patients. people can now get stem cell treatments 
We need this guy. He's got an impeccable record, he's clear, concise, thoughtful, and doesn't take shit from anyone.
Yes can we get some traction on this?

What is so difficult about 

Laying out the facts

Laying out the facts

Laying out the Same Message Every Single Time

Until the repetition becomes the story that even the Brainwashing News Networks have to cover?


Repeat repeat repeat!
Apologies. Written in the depths of a gin-soaked and feverish sleepless night here in the steambath that is mountainous Mindanao at the tail end of the rainy season. 
Yeah, like did they literally have to Hitler him? Free speech. There's no possible way to evaluate the respective arguments without bias, so that's all I've got.
That is an example of horrific violence against Muslims not by them. This is the opposite of proving your point.
Toast-Orange, you are a special person, a VERY special person.
Damn, girl. Even when she’s a target of harassment AOC is unflappable and excellent at calling out hypocrisy in government - plus she shows her work.

Yeah except for the fact that she lies like a dog. "Boys will be boys" isn't what McConnell's campaign said.
Texas is absolutely in play. Demographic shifts, young voters coming out in historic numbers (still low) and Trump being unpopular in general with Independents.
Oh ho! Now there are two phone calls.

How absolutely not suspicious at all.

Most Transparent President should also release tax returns as every President has done before.
You’re an extremely low IQ individual. I’ll post wherever I like but thank you for the suggestion!
Leave that child alone, he's only 50 years old!
I mean the levels of abuse has got silly, so much distrust, so much hate, so much abuse of power over others, so much wangling over money, so much ignoring of real issues.

Also some people have said some rather nasty things to MP's as well.
Hating brown people has become a twisted meme for a lot of people on the right
He saw the dude was trolling him definitely. I know it's the cool thing to portray him as some bumbling idiotic baboon but that is what the dems did with bush and then ended up "misunderestimating " him
 Furthermore, strict immigration laws will not stop immigrants from coming. Laws don't prevent anything from happening, they just make it really difficult and risky.

oh noooo, guess we'll not do anything about our problems at allllllll
Do you have a citation for that? Not that I doubt it's possible but I'd like to know more.
  "Kill The Poor"

?
You’re a Reaganite? Lol

The Patriots were patriots. King George was betraying the colonists and stripping them of their rights as Englishmen.  It was their patriotic duty as Englishmen to fight for their God given rights, King George made that impossible and so we had to leave the United Kingdom.
Unforgettable Katrina FTW!!! &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
The debates were held at comparable times to 2008 and current primaries, that's a ridiculous conspiracy theory.

They reduced the number of debates because both major 2008 candidates agreed that the 20+ debates they had was outrageous and exhausting.
Not trying to stir the pot at all here centipedes but isn't their evidence that torture doesn't work and harbors more terrorism? I'm asking because I don't know the answer and wonder if this is an unsolvable issue.
Because she must have her own dirt in the deal, I never said democrats aren't dirty. Your entire country is filthy corrupt.
America was never "great" acting like it was is silly. It was founded by a bunch of crybaby rich kids who didnt wanna pay taxes. Which is literally what the president is. No wonder they like him so much.
I thought it was a poor decision by the monster raving loonies to split the metal container anatomy aristocrat vote the way they did tbh
More power to them. The US has no right to keep these people out. Borders are a human rights travesty on an enormous scale.
There’s an entire (excellent) podcast about how so much of what trump does challenges the constitution. It’s called What Trump Can Teach Us About Con Law with Roman Mars and Elizabeth Joh.
You realize school *is* free in most of the world, don’t you?
Yes, obviously, and what a ridiculous intentional misreading that take is
Sure, the organization did not exist but the people who made it up did not appear out of thin air. That’s who I was referring to.
You cut right to the core of it my German friend. I'm happy to see people across the pond have the same perception as non Cult 45 members.
Lol @ no wages. 

Then they are starving to death? 

Are you retarded?
And our former allies are realizing they made a grave mistake allowing themselves to become so intertwined with us. The USA will never recover its international influence. Sure we can still flex our military might, but American soft power is forever damaged.
The last jedi, was a pretty generic and mediocre movie tbh, but the media started blaming the alt-right/incels/russian trolls for bad reviews (like a normal person does /s)
The silence is truly deafening. Incredible, I thought Twitter was offline.
Dollars to donuts old deleted comment hasn’t watched one second of the hearings.
[If it is, the years have been extremely unkind.]([URL])
In their great wisdom, our Founders crafted a Constitution based on a system of separation of powers: three co-equal branches acting as checks on each other. To ensure that balance of powers, ....



Are you that blind? Jesus Christ it's as clear as day light.
It might be [~~this video.~~]([URL])

edit: sorry, this was [the video]([URL]) they were referencing. The other one is pretty ridiculous as well; it's like they have the same storyboarder.
Obligatory I am not a doctor, but I think you need to *have* a heart for that kind of thing.
I mean, it is a Trump supporter. That doesn't make it Trump's fault. That doesn't make Republicans a bad person. It just means a mentally unstable person mailed non-functional bombs to Democrats. He's a domestic terrorist and he should be arrested. 
But Peter Theil has his plan for immortality so they will never be truly extinct.
A terminally ill man receiving government healthcare just voted to start the process of stripping millions of Americans of their government healthcare. Then had the nerve to pretend it's the other guys that made him do this. 
We get very tired of hearing the hypocrisy from Bernie too. Drop out and stand with one of the great woman running.
military issued a warning after they found threats on the dark web
I'm wary of all religious folks who believe in a violent second coming. 
Man, that outfit reminds me of Afghanistan.

It looks bombed out and depleted.
Nothing you just said has anything to do with what you previously said.

Margins *were* tight, yes, and it's a lot more complicated than "Hillary was an awful candidate."

A real discussion about this requires a lot more than a single answer pundits can shit out explaining the entire 2016 election.
It's honestly a good point about communism, but people need to also be taught that people will always be dicks (unsolvable)
It’s a very difficult topic to keep on top of. An alternative method is to look at what the united pro-Kremlin mouthpieces are saying and rule that out. 

[Worthwhile reading (book)]([URL])
If it's like mine it fits in so snug it stays there. Just pull straight down on it and see what happens 
He come riding up on a quasar, His spurs was a-jingling, the door was ajar...
Haha I don’t even look at that sub. I was drunk and tired of reading trump shit and decided it was time.
Any small remaining amount that isn't wired in is most likely because they are in remote or unincorporated land  that has been determined to be a loss or a waste of infrastructure resources. These remaining people can access satellite internet.
I can't tell if you're trying to claim that America is the whole world or if you're trying to obfuscate the fact that American's have aspects to their culture that are unique and relevant to the situation they are in.
Reading this shit is almost sickening. They literally twisted the ideology of almost 40% of our country.
I'm going to be annoyed when Biden rises in the polls after this debate.
Oh no the banelings shook your economy dry! Blame it on the Russians!
I mean, can't we just  be angry at both?
sO TrAnSpArEnT
Yeah, I mean if your kid is terminally ill just go ahead and lock it in a room somewhere until it dies.... amirite?


edit: typo
You can keep changing the subject, but Trump and the GOP never intended to just throw people with preexisting conditions out in the cold.  There are videos of Republicans and Trump saying as much.
lmao says the guy hell bent on "exposing" leftists in a sam harris sub

keep winning bro
What more do they want. Onion, salad, crispy tater. That's a tasty sammich.
what prevents the governor from sending state police to do his dirty work?
 Well, what you don't understand is Trumps reputation is impeccable....

His style is impetuous. His defense is impregnable. 
In what world is that saying *every*. Jesus, that is idiotic.
They also do so whenever the depleted SAA moves its elite troops around. 
Face it, without the regime's incompetence, this mess wouldn't have arisen in the first place. 
1. While the temp ban wasn’t my decision, it’s short and Pacificus will be back soon. 

2. Quit shit stirring 

2. Quit being dicks to each other 

You’re acting like fucking libs. Get it together. I’m tired of inter-community stabbiness.
Tired of all these “if Bernie loses you better vote for the centrist Dems!!” Messages being spewed everywhere. How about, stop focusing your energy on that. If he loses then start that discussion, but that’s not the battle we’re fighting right now.
Obligatory "Now in: water is wet"

I think one of the only ways we would fix that is to ban inheritance lol, and that has its own array of problems.
Hold on tight and enjoy the ride!
 This.  The reason they can't meme is because they cant see humour in anything they dislike.  Their memes are soaked in hate and self loathing which is why they suck so hard. 
I'm very tired of hearing "it's All coming soon, they will all fall soon, soon we will know everything" it feels like our version of "he will be impeached".
But what I'm saying is it's not a "self hating cycle;" I've been skinny most of my life and the fatphobia developed from that, so the new circumstance gives me some cognitive dissonance
Well this is just idiotic. Remove all human concerns and the shame of wanting to see human suffering, it's not like the people you want to see hurt are the only ones hurt.
You’ll have more right leaning friends one day :) just make sure to pick your friends based on character and not just cause they’re gay and you’re probably more likely to find a gay right winger.
While I think it is funny.  Lets let the kids be kids for crying out loud.  Parents did this for Internet points and its fucking stupid.   This is no better then the libs and there stupid shit.
lol, exactly.  The whole point is that Thanos was certain his win was inevitable when it turns out it wasn't.
Because she said some next level nasty stuff that potentially ruined peoples lives.
yeah, after dnc is perfect... once they pick their loser we can open the floodgates
God he is a wet towel
Yup. And Trump is a stupid obese elderly man with Alzheimer's, who also happens to be a Nazi criminal mastermind Russian spy money launderer Manhattan real estate mogul, who secretly conspired with Vladimir Putin to steal the presidency.
Unflappable
So here's the thing. The MSM has their favorites, and they seem like mayor Pete.

But they also love a scandal, as that gets clicks and views. This story should be plastered all over the place shortly
I actually only posted that source to see what kind of reaction I'd get. People are so biased that they are blind to accept an argument even when it's logical and well studied like this one is. Here's a more palatable source  for you for the same argument: 

[URL]

[URL]
Real bad to use a Biden example that we should do the same thing
he said facts, not fat.
I always say that I understand them, because I do. But I'm still left with some questions: is that an unsolvable problem? Could they get more mods? Are they constantly trying to while apologising for and explaining why they're ban happy?

I don't know...
Yeah I think it was a lot more rare prior to the patriot act/that definitely made a big difference in how the FISC operates.
Man i heard that too and yes, he was about to call that dude a fat ass. Especially after he had challenged him to pushups!
What, do the mullahs think Soetoro is still in charge?  Lmao, petitions are worthless.  Iran has no right to access our court system.  Get bent mullahs.
The Bernie one had me dead. These are perfect.
So what is it that you hope to get from the hardest possible Brexit?
And grandma spilling scalding hot MickeyD's coffee on her lap, helping to lead the way for torte reform.
Cool what does this have to do with Buttigieg? He doesn't work for McKinsey anymore.
Don't be silly white boy
Aww... poor little NPC trying to be clever. Your tears are tasty pedophile.
Yeah.... I'm starting to get a bad vibe off this guy.  Anyone else?
Let me tell you something about Sanders.  Bernie Sanders is the blood that makes my chub chubby.
If it makes you feel any better, it's crystal clear that no girl wants to fuck him. Otherwise, it wouldn't be fucking calculus for him to have a girl give consent. 
Imagine getting shot by a cop and painting a bulls eye around the entry wound, and then patting the cop on the back for his excellent aim.
That explains Barry and Michael. Mediocre is a great compliment in that case.
By questioning the premise that quantities of government cause unsolvable problems.
My brain's instant reaction upon seeing the girl on the left: "Ewww she's slept with so many guys she probably permanently smells like one"

Girl on the right: \*Throws myself onto a rainy sidewalk so she can use me as a bridge\*
Holy F, 14 grand for a 4 day trip to Europe? Seriously, a flight is like $1500-2000 and a freaking $250/night hotel (absolutely stunning in Eastern Europe!) would be another $1000. Wtf was the rest on???
The bitch that basically bathed in neocons and would've done the same shit while finding a way to bring back the cold war to further supplement her already substantial cash flow from the military industrial complex.
This so reminds me of Fun with Flags from Big Bang Theory.
I feel that hes more dry, parched.
Because he has a tiny penis and is incredibly insecure.
and yet... it's STILL LESS than what americans pay.

you simply have no idea. like, people end up living in their cars with nothing over a single broken bone.
You know what they say

You gotta lower your ideals of freedom to suck on the warm teat of China
I just read the article. WTF. She just had a broken ankle for gods sake.
Its not really that ridiculous. The reduction in poverty is explained by technology improving and allowing us to get better at extracting wealth from the earth, which whether you believe wealth is infinite or not is definitely a thing that has happened
Intellectual property does not exist, because IP is not scarce. IP is nothing more than a state-granted monopoly.
Yeah bc now I need to take this to explain it like I'm five. 

So what would an adequate amount be for the Fed?  2.5 trillion?
Not a single democrat thinks this impeachment will happen. It’s all to hope the media portrays trump as a criminal during the 2020 elections and sways the polls. Democrats are scared Trump will win a second term, impeachment won’t make it through the senate. 
[URL] Money.
I think they are shopping for something where they can say - look this only throws 17 million people off insurance, its much more palatable.  Then the so called 'GOP moderates' will cave and vote for it and it will be law. 
They can be impeached but it’s really rare and can only be done for cause.  Historically, it’s pretty much been limited to taking bribes.

Edited:  I’ve been corrected on the record.  Not bribes, but all for cause.  Not because they were picked for ideological reasons.
Nope. Just annoyed that a supposedly unbiased subreddit is far from it. If it was highly conservative that would bother me too.
Hey, WTF? Why ‘All Purpose Super Truck Towels’ be only fitty cents in Big D when then finna charge fo-fitty herr? 

- Oakland, CA
You think things are going to get better through the traditional means of power in this country? Newsflash, they're all 100% corrupt, and half of them foreign influenced. 

Why is it glamorous for the Founding Fathers to take on their oppressors but we're not allowed to?
If she has mediocre ratings and perhaps other internal problems with her show’s management, then this might be the last straw. I was only looking at what she said recently about “black face” idiotic comment. 
I agree, but if you look at how she's comported herself in her 3 decades in public life it's not really that amazing.  
She appears to be unflappable.
Her false teeth are tiny bourbon bottles.
"Look dude, impeachment is totally not cool, right?"
"We don't get to know the thing that doesn't matter at all! LISTEN TO HOW LOUD AND ANGRY I AM THOUGH!!"
In ancient Rome there was a poem  
About a dog who found two bones  
He picked at one  
He licked the other  
He went in circles  
He dropped dead 
Make sure to take notes. Make dot points to summarize difficult information. Make sure you understand every line that is written as deeply as possible. Its hard when you first start and it stays hard in my opinion but you just get used to it.
Ancient Aliens are real. Change my mind
Evo getting yeeted from the Palacio Quemado has warmed my cold dead heart ♥
Hillary Clinton's Record: Spotless. Not a single indictment. 
Yankee dogs get bent ☠️☠️☠️
It was one terrorist who was ~~commended~~ condemned by everyone, it's not like leavers approved.

Although it seems a lot of Remainers seem happy they have such a convenient "gotcha".
 If my country is doing generally well, then the people in my country are doing generally well

Is that true, though? Think of post-WW2 US; the country's economy was booming, we had enormous global power, but we also had segregated schools and pools. 
One side is willing to come forward and testify under oath and one side is willing to twist the law as much as possible to make sure they don’t have to, that should really tell you all you need to know.
lacquer

Thought you meant "liqueur" for a second and imagined a bunch of eager brass section players getting tipsy during each halftime. 
i'm not sure how this is the democrats fault yet, but the white power hour hasn't aired on fox to tell me what to think or feel about it.  

obligatory /s
When it's ajar.
You have kids going to Chernobyl and taking sexy pictures, despite the fact that people are still dying of cancer from the disaster and it mostly affected mothers and children. 

There are actually kids who jump the fence and drink radiated water. It is hard to convince a group that they are not invincible.
Speaking of smoked oysters has anyone ever seen Kelly ann wet
I mean it is kind of funny now.
It used to be. It's a bit overdone but more importantly in contexts like this it's used to poison the well and reduce a very important topic (gun violence and its causes) to "haha stoopid angry gamerz".
The same can be said of most people in senior positions in government. Trump, Pelosi, McConnell, etc, etc. The problems we have today can't be solved by leaders imposing ancient political methodologies via the same old profit-focused and/or force-focused solutions.
This is ridiculous.  Love it.
You agree with government schools handing out pills to 12 year old girls that can abort?

Everyone can agree that no 12 year old girl should be getting pregnant, but on what grounds can you say that it should be the government's responsibility to help them abort?
Excellent take
Excellent Orson Scott Card quote there at the beginning.  I just re-read Enders Game and Speaker for the Dead.  I didn't realize until this re-read how vitally important the messages those books contain (especially the latter) are to what is happening in the world right now.
 Don’t make ppl late for work.

If someone would rather be unnecessarily dead in a few decades than late for work, it says something about the society that produces those twisted values.
Well some nameless person DM'd me saying they knew someone who was raped at a young age.  That sucks and I don't know how to tell someone to proceed.  But that is generally very rare and a once in a lifetime thing.
I hear you on the mobile phone phenomenon at work. Incredibly annoying, especially when I'm trying to point out that there's a very tight deadline!
You don't want EVERYONE to be financially intelligent in a capitalist society. You want obedient labor who also love to consume. That's it.
Oh great another Reddit amateur comedian. Am I to assume this shit joke is supposed to be an adequate replacement for a genuine argument?
There are a few Leftist sites do that, but it is an absolute **obsession** on the Right.

What's funny with Ocasio-Cortez is that she still looks gorgeous in most of the pictures that she's supposed to look bad.  
With broken vertebrae it can vary. What it comes down to is if the broken vertebrae damaged the spinal cord. You don’t hear too much about her. Hope she is doing okay. She turned her back to them and got cracked with a baton.
He literally doesn't have a PAC. There is no way for him to receive dark money.
And just like that you pay higher taxes that get funneled to billionaires and corporations. They'll store it all in the Cayman islands for a rainy day fund, I hope you have yours somewhere safer than the a 401k or the stick market. We saw what happened to retires in 2008
Oh damn, this is bad news...
And because the content of the tweet was shit.
declaring 'most corrupt' implies you know every dirty deed and dealings of every president in history... im willing to bet not
Special is cool, GR is literally matching indices.
You must have been freezing when you took that photo!
There were 17 mistakes like that which to me rules out just totally honest mistakes. Either they *really* wanted to surveil Page for whatever reason, facts and rules be damned, or the whole FISA process is horribly broken.
I'm a SHARP so I'm all about the Oi, and of course the obligatory folk punk, but I don't mind checking out new things so as soon as I get back from the liquor store I'll give it a listen. 
Pay and profit convey critical information about how to allocate resources in an economic system. The damage caused without them is hideous

Like taxes then.
Get your story straight. You said an hour earlier that it happened in the 1970s. And there is absolutely no freaking damn way it was "medically necessary because it was damaged during birth." No freaking way, so don't give these barbarians an excuse, even an obviously stupid one.
This is the best take, but of course, people like Sady are too interested in scoring cheap walrus claps on Twitter to maintain an ounce of consistency on positions that they obviously want everyone to believe are of deep moral concern to them. They always tell on themselves with shit like this, without exception.
Sucks for Songbird, because this just leads to more winning.  Obamacare was bad enough, but the "skinny repeal" needed to die, so this actually helps Trump drain the GOP Swamp.

Sing us a little song on your way to hell Songbird, you useless little bitch ;)
Fair point. Also attracting large crows in Scotland. 

But can he do it on a rainy day in Nuneaton? 
No.

There is such an overabundance of mediocre and below people in virtually everything that it's easier than ever to stand out.
I don't agree with a lot of what Bernie proposes, but he truly is a good person. That's pretty rare. He has my vote too.
I mean I guess I could set up a private community for you to live on, that provides mediocre (if any) services for an exorbitant user fee.  Also you can't refuse to pay or leave.
Saving this comment for a rainy day. You never know when you'll need it.
I Like Mike

I don't always agree with him, and sometimes downright think he's talking nonsense but that's what the big tent is for
According to his Wikipedia page he had two people with him since the beginning.


And the source code argument sort of defeats the premise that he did it by himself in the first place.

What's the old saying, the rich stand on the backs of those who came before.
lost the argument using intelligence

Oh, right. I forgot you idiot alt righties think lying = intelligent argument.
 EU will grant it as they want to be seen as the good guys throughout

out of interest, Is there anything to suggest they haven't been?

Organised, cohesive, transparent and patient.
Low expectations is the key to a happy life
Actually it has to do with never freezing the meat. They don't want to transport it too far and they won't freeze it, so they stay west coast. 
Tacoma (WA) PD recently hired its first Skinny, despite the complete and total lack of any background information on his life prior to his immigration at age 19.  He could have been a freakin' sea pirate for all they knew, yet he was smoothed through the probationary period [URL]
May was also unique in her inability to connect with voters.
The Clinton's have gone suspiciously quiet about the "suicide" of their close friend. I haven't seen a response from either one of them. You would think after Trump retweeted about the Clinton body count, that there would've been a response. Unless I missed something?
The experience of your average congressperson is worth about as much as a bucket of warm spit.
Same. It's made in USA and actually really good quality and warm.
i don't care what happens. fucking pass a skinny repeal and then we can get the ball rolling. getting rid of the mandate helps us all out a lot.
Hallmark movie where a woman moves from a small town to the big city where she falls in love with a McKinsey consultant who teachers her that consumerism is the true meaning of christmas
538's [Nathaniel Rakich]([URL]):

Special election alert: Democrats have flipped Missouri HD-99, in the St. Louis suburbs, 54–46%. This is an R+11 seat, making for a remarkable **19-point D swing**.
Most likely YouTube. The hearings I've seen were there.
Him getting sued for 3 x as much because they had an air tight case. Only reason it got dropped was because of corruption. 
Agreed. Clean up shit when it happens, or soon after. And this whole 'eimas hadin' (fear of judgement) thing... If you have done anything that makes you fear judgement, then you should have cleaned it up long ago.
I'd agree with that, not sure if they've properly polled some of the Con / LD marginals. I don't think people are really understanding just how radical this election is likely to be. The Red Wall broken, but the Tories down South also broken by the Libs.
Are you suggesting the US Constitution is meaningless because it was written by slave owners? I'm pretty liberal, but that's a hot take if I've ever seen one.
Obligatory NSFW warning
Omg sick burn.
Then stop with idiotic slogans like "taxes are theft"

Or blaming government regulations on every single problem

Or ignoring all the horrible crap that businesses do

Or pretending that USA government is an oppressive dictatorship
I know plenty about zucchini. Here are the two most important facts: 

* It is THE WORST.

* It tastes like parched dirt.
Everyone in your community that you know at least, according to your logic. I doubt you know everyone in your community which either means you actually do buy into looking out for someone you havent met or you dont even actually extend your scarce resource of empathy to even your own community.
First thing I noticed, was that both are very attractive females. The ones against Kavanagh, were by and large dogs. This is not a coincidence.
I'm pretty certain he's trolling
Excellent policies that she'll try in 3 years
In other news, liberal tears is still pouring hard with no end in sight due to the fact that they will never accept the fact that they, the domestic terrorists, lost and America won! 
There should be a rule on Twitter to not reference tweets beyond \_\_\_\_\_\_ days/months/years. Bringing up 3 year old tweets is ridiculous.
Wasn't raqqa moreso damaged than Aleppo and Ghouta? 

I like that Putin tells the fox news that they are wrong
That's because it's not electorally popular. But they'll do their hardest to bleed the damned thing dry. Once it's broke, the private sector can fix it.
I can't stand local or cable news due to 1) political bent and 2) commercials.  If I watch news, it is generally on PBS.  That's where I watched the impeachment hearings as well.
Thing is though, that’s not the momentum demographic. I’ve been campaigning with momentum and it’s a pretty even split here at least between young metropolitans and old school (old people) labour types.
Its actually very simple: the US agencies do their job and tell him the facts and he doesnt want to hear the facts, he wants yes-men to backup his own twisted narrative.
I am delighted by Adam Scott showing up. He played it perfectly. And haha, yeah I hope so. Mike Schur is totally for Clinton so maybe!
You uh... You do know that there's a such thing as conservative Democrats right? I mean they're kinda rare these days, but technically Hillary is one.
I couldn't imagine what it must be like in person. I get all proud and excited inside just watching at home, snug under the covers. 
This business exists with a model of European women hiring third world women in prison to make clothing for cheap to sell to first world women that want third world culture and authenticity.
A lot of open source community lives on licensing fees.
huh... opposing someone who has broken all 10 commandments that God, himself, gave Moses, is driven by Satanic forces... how does that work?
Wait till you see what Rudy is bringing back from Ukraine.  It's gonna blow this whole thing wide open. J/K
The left needs a perpetual unhappy underclass so they can get the votes.

[URL]
If you're making less than the H1Bs you're in pretty rough shape. They aren't massively underpaid but the constraints of the visa process make it difficult to change jobs as frequently so they're rarely at the top of their salary range.
Amen.  I should be careful, they want a non-functional government when it comes to social services, the environment, taxation, etc., and they want a bigger government when it comes to the military and pork for corporate contracts.  
The tea is scalding hot.
Harry Cole is a special type of idiot.
It's funny how when it's Dems vs GOP then the GOP are all spotless but when it's GOP vs GOP then everyone is apparently a liar. 
 the electorate is broken

get off your high fucking horse.

They're be something very fucking wrong if people did not vote for the only party who wants to enact the very thing we voted for in 2016. Without Brexit we might as well not bother with the charade of democracy at all.
My mind is somewhat ajar but I doubt I'll be convinced unless DeRay has some sort of defense of this concept that I've never seen before.
I thought the liberals wanted big government? So they're ok with less government, destroying jobs and ignoring immigration law as long as they can help facilitate an invasion into our country?
People on this sub think that Brexit happening is a good thing? Or just that it's funny that Corbyn will finally be gone?
"literally freezing is a very reasonable temperature"
That was so painful to watch. She had such a strong presence she's normally unflappable but she was so far out of her element I finally felt bad for her.
And not all Republicans are boomers.  However, there's a pretty good overlap in that particular Venn diagram.
Roe has already been weakened by Casey.

Casey allows the states to nibble away at abortion rights as long as they don't place an "undue burden" on first- and second-trimester abortion. Gorsuch getting to decide on "undue burden" is a way for red states to make abortion completely unavailable.
I've seen lightning bugs for the first time in years this summer.  I seriously thought they went extinct or something.
I still mourn the old editorial board. They may have been conservative, but at least they were intelligent and had points one could debate
In the end it doesn't matter because she ate the poop hotdog with her damp cloth retort. I think if she took what might have been her future position much more seriously she would have kept it. Ginas had nothing to do with that.
The old testament laws are exclusive to Jews actually.

We have a new covenant. 

Also that's a real nasty way of looking at the afterlife situation.
So you just gonna ignore all the other big businesses that got tax breaks and donate to the Democrats? This post is very low IQ. Also it benefitted the middle [URL] at least some of us as I got roughly a 2k tax cut.
I really feel like the official Republican game plan is to plug their ears and shout so loud they cant hear anything
They can't accept that their ideology just got shattered so they double down on the stupid. Which dumps what little credibility they have left. I love it.  More liberal tears please, I'm parched.
Chief turned it around though on next question.  He's unflappable.
Yeah, neoliberals are scared of Pete... that's a new one.  Look at their subreddit and see who they're fawning over.
And he's a drunk to boot! Look at all those beer bottles!!!
would you be happy for Daisy Ridley to come to a kids school and say Corbyn was a very, very bad man?

bad example, think of the lass in the tight dresses on countdown, she's deffo against corbyn
Seriously that’s ridiculous. How are those equivalent? $1,000 is nothing to these people. They need jail time, or a far heftier fine.
In all honesty, im a bit wary to anything russian funded. Especially in modern times, it seems american instability is in the best interests of the Kremlin. Id have to take evrything they said with a grain of salt, same thing i have to do with wikileaks now
I never said I blamed obese people. I don't blame obese people; I blame the fact that these products are highly addictive and marketed relentlessly.

I don't know why you assumed I blamed obese people.
There is very little difference - using a common phrase to disguise a disparaging comment. I didn't call Obama a monkey. I was using a harmless phrase, just like Time.  Fact of the matter is if the parties were switched the outrage from the left would be deafening.  
Fuck you, fuck your phoentically transcribed accents, and fuck me for understanding it exactly as you intended.

Take your upvote, I'm gonna go drink in the shower till I fall asleep...
Yes. I've had flat tires in a rough part of town, in the pouring rain, and in a small town on July 4th when nothing was open. Thank God I learned how to change tires, and kept an inflated spare.
oh boo hoo we wouldn't want to upset some poor old racists would we
Reminder that polls indicate that it's more likely that the Tories win a majority than it is for Corbyn to be able to build a coalition.

The extent to which Corbyn has mismanaged Brexit is unbelievable.  He was basically handed an electoral win and he somehow managed to turn it into a likely defeat.
[Here's a decent report]([URL]) (published by Congress) on the ins and outs of subpoenas. It discusses how difficult it is for these subpoenas to be enforced on an unwilling witness.
You should start immediately.

Get yourself some cheap beer for chasers.
Yeah, I for one hated Cameron's Etonian car-salesman routine, but to his credit it made him pretty unflappable.
That’d be pretty awesome. Stefanik is wet fart.
 Today I learned Bernie Sanders is going to throw children in cages and try to build a 30 foot wall across the boarder.

How can you have open borders and a welfare state at the same time?
No not much of this in NorCal. All of the forest and farm rural areas are pretty nice people. I am talking about out in the middle of the desert like barstow or out by Joshua tree. There are people pretty loud and proud with the Nazi stuff out there
A big part of the problem is that the people who want him impeached are too apathetic or worried about their jerbs to do anything meaningful about it. The Republicans know this and are acting accordingly.
 still learning from his Master Yoda

"The ancient Jedi texts!"

"Read them, have you?"

"well, I..."
I think the amount of GOP senators not seeking reelection and/or a secret senate vote would make short work of it. Moscow Mitch will do everything in his power to avoid that. His twisted turkey/turtle neck is also on the line here.
My stepdad on Facebook says the Royal family are actually lizards.

If random unverified Facebook posts can be accepted as stone cold evidence then I'm going to start boarding my windows up now.
No, not a touch, an enormous pile of it
He represents a tiny part of America. He’s a complete idiot.
Agreed. We have to remind the world that the *real* America is not the twisted Trump version that's been on display for the last 3 years. The only way to do that is to imprison ***every*** person who has aided & abetted Trump.
Be more intelligent than this.  Stupidity comes in equal share to all age-groups (as does republicanism, this 'article' is proof of that)[URL] one has a monopoly on it.
Every system has drawbacks.

The NHS is great, as long as it's well funded, but that funding is a bit of a political football. Another issue is large organisations are resistant to change, and it's one of the biggest organisations.
I would normally laugh that off, but if Trump can take over the party, I don't think it's wise to be in the business of saying "at least it can't get any worse."

But yeah, talking like that's a certainty is a scalding hot take. 
Because people inherited from a group of converted does not qualify indigenous. Only a very, very tiny population of Israeli may be indigenous. The vast majority, certainly are not. Stop fabricating this proven lie.
Alaska is funded by oil taxes, not individuals. Alaska population is tiny.

Try a more realistic example for the US.
Tulsi, Gravel, and Yang because I like UIB. The rest can suck it dry. They are either neoliberal, lack policy, or have policy, but are spineless and triangulate for political gain.
Just stop.

You're not working with somebody who is [discussing in good faith]([URL])
It’s hard to open your eyes one day and realize your entire belief system was a lie. I wonder how many stay in because they’ve invested to much of their mental state. Welcome to the home team friend. Better late than never they say.
NDAs are standard practice when working for a consulting firm and any of the hundreds of thousands of consultants in the world would be happy to confirm that for you.
You are right. The Book of Joshua, the Book of 1Samuel and 2Samuel are blood soaked and basically genocidal. But everything changes with the Book of Matthew. The coming of Jesus changed the religion drastically, completely. Christianity is not Judaism. 
Ok, so when are they allowed to change their mind?
 Bernie Panders is a fraud. A big fat phony
I should let these gigantic apartment owning conglomerates all across the nation know that they are really just fronts for money laundering.
Thanks buddy for taking the time out of your day to point that out to me. In my defense, I was a little tipsy when I commented. 
Side Note, but she's so gorgeous. Old NoseもＯＫです
Sounds reasonable! I soooo wish I could own a gun I'm only 2 years away from being able to own a gun, I'm homeschooled, dont have any mental issues , and I'm very experienced with firearms. I clean my family's guns because they dont know how to.
Heck, [Elizabeth Kubler Ross, M.D.]([URL]%C3%BCbler-Ross) showed that of the terminally ill, it's often the *youngest* patients that are the best at handling those issues of life and death that older people tend to run scared from.
And most of that in simple carbs I suspect.  REAL easy to inhale enormous amounts of calories with bags of tasty chips and 3 liter bottles of tasty soda.

But hey, at least that way the package matches the soul inside.  Repellent. 
This is one of the reasons I voted for Obama over her in '08. Obama never lost his cool, he was completely unflappable.
Removal comments cause all sorts of problems of their own (not the least time-wasting arguments.)  The *rules* are transparent.  Again, users shouldn't expect to have their hands held.
I don't think the  guy who swore to "preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States" on January 20, 2017 read it. I'm pretty sure his followers are a lost cause.
The issue is that people don't vote in municipal elections. You can't have progressive zoning if ancient people are the only ones showing up.
It reminds me of Waterworld where the bad guy gives a speech about reaching dry land so that everyone will row. When his second mate mentions he doesn’t know where it is he says who cares, these guys will row for 3 months and then forgot about it.
The *only* president since polling began who has never broken 50% approval.
This is brilliant. Small businesses will flock to sell things through Amazon if it comes with the added benefit of what is essentially legal aid.

As big as Amazon is, it's a drop in the bucket in comparison to individual business owners.
I am sure in the short-term they will be very content in the Briar Patch, but eventually they will start to get hungry for the money they have lost.
Okay but that's legally dead, in reality he's still missing and presumed dead, his body will probably never be found and it will just fade away like so many other unsolvable missing cases.
  I’m sick of being the nice party in this country

someone has to be the adults.

it sucks - but we are basically the baby sitters to delusional narcissist who think they know it all.
The thing is tax money doesn’t really go to poor people most of the time
unapologetically progressive yet still warm & loving

&#x200B;

yes to this!
He's going to use the military against unarmed families with children. That's great. I feel so great. I can feel our country's reputation being damaged for a century, but it's awesome. (sarcasm)
"Dirty filthy protestor scum! They should be locked up! Rounded up an shot! [URL] They're on our side? .... Yeah! Fight the power!" - Republicans, probably.

Sidenote: Did anyone else hear the Benny Hill song when reading the first few headlines?
He really fell short on this nickname.  You really only have one job, Donnie.  What would "Sleepy Eyed" Chuck Todd think?
Heels up just hates happy beautiful people
They have to keep the membership happy.
So uhm.  Are they going to withhold their cheap plastic junk sold at Walmart?  OOOH!  I'm scared.
I just scrape off the dry skin on top and continue eating the wet vomit underneath
Venezuelan history didn't start with Daniel Ortega. The revisionists forget that although it was a wealthy country, because of corruption, the majority of people were dirt poor. The President before Ortega was impeached for corruption.

The lesson is: if you want to prevent socialism, reform capitalism.
[URL] evidence. Dirty Cops
Reality only seems to have a liberal bias because the Republicans are so far to the right and have embraced so many lies that it's impossible to look at anything objectively. I'm dreading Thursday so much.
I'm not your bro, brah. 

I've not lost anything. You make a faulty comparison and then fabricated a story to claim moral superiority. Anyone can do that, and it's proof of nothing. 
This is so difficult to understand.  I thought the small segment of our population that were gullible fanatics were all wearing red hats.
Do you think their characterization of [URL] podcast listeners is wrong? Im not sure what you arent liking. The person you responded to doesnt seem unhappy either?
No, I'm pretty certain it was all 57 states!
North Korea already makes pallets full of USD whether by forgery or selling meth. He can't spend dollars, he needs goods, ability to trade. The fuckers are starving and freezing. NK has a long history of ridiculous promises and demands usually ending in them getting some mercy fuel or food.
Enabling self destructive behavior.   You may think you're doing good but you aren't helping him out.
that is one hideous cat lady-lookin cunt
A temporary win for Putin in the polls - probably. A win for Russia in geopolitics - doubtful. Ten years ago these were stable Russian allies, now Russia is pouring resources into these countries to try to keep from fully losing them.
That's cause those are the fun places :p

But on a more serious note, prostitution seems a little more accepted in the culture of those places than others. Nevada is where educated businesswomen go to become professional prostitutes, which does not seem comparable to the destitute sex worker looking for survival.
THIS is what you allowed to happen if you voted for Trump or you did not vote for Hillary.  Do you admit it now?
There are throngs of homeless people living in tent cities in every major american city full of people who are starving, cold, miserable and unable to meet even basic needs... which these same conservatives turn around and look at and go 'Well, that's YOUR fault!  Capitalism is perfect!'
"tasty" chicken. Black trope smh
Scared of being made obsolete?
I am known by many names. The Dean of destitute colleges. The Knight of nepotism. The tax return thief. The Earl of evasion. The gangster of grift. Clinton's bane. Looniest of the lefties.

But you may call me.... The Burlington Bankrupter.
Well... he didn’t. There is no source in the article. Be wary of legitimate fake news.
[URL] get exhausted of fighting for women's right to freedom. This isn't some sports game where fans are "exhausted" of losing, this is literally standing up for people's rights. It gets exhausting defending them from morons.
I’ll bet he’s tired of others winning in court against him.
Dan Harmon has always been such an unhappy pervert - and tweeted such nastiness - it amazed me Community was as entertaining as it was. Good riddens. Nobody should be surprised. 
Maybe. Or maybe they lost interest in the religion and dating within the tribe took a backseat. There are plenty of attractive Jewish women around.
All the while Mitch is confirming judge after judge.   Whatever Reich thinks is bad, must be good for our America.
Not sure anyone is saying it delegitimizes the current impeachment, it just means Pelosi sucks and is unlikely to do a good job with that current impeachment process. Indeed, I find it impossible to understand what's going on because instead of straightforward emoluments/corruption issues, it's arcane Ukraine & Russia diplomatic stuff.
OK, so a reactionary is cool and good.
I am beyond delighted that Congressman Vape is getting hammered and I hope he faces the appropriate consequences regarding all of the allegations levied against him. 

But goddamn he should at least be found guilty of being a tool who thought it acceptable to vape while on the job. 
Are you still stuck on "they go low, we go high?" That shit doesn't work.
AJ loves tiny hairy cocks shoved way up his ass while he jerks himself off to epic fail videos of the physically handicapped. What a fucking badass! MAGA!
That enormous bushy mustache makes it hard to blow a whistle.
Yeah righto mate, not an exaggeration. Weird coincidence they're being paid though.

I really shouldn't be feeding a troll though. You must be a hungry boy today
cold blooded animals would go extinct if they were not sensitive to slow temperature changes.
Out of this entire debate, this part and how she answered this question is one of the least memorable things.. honestly, who cares what they answered there.. it's a throwaway question at best
Imagine waking up next to hxr after a long night of drinking.  You're laying in bed feeling a bit dirty, really hungover and you're suddenly inhaling KLOBUCHAR MORNING BREATH.

That's someone's reality.  Thank you, brave sir, for taking a hit for all of us.
This would be like pouring petrol on the flames of populism. Have a gander at how many votes UKIP got in the 2015 election, we were able to move on and not dwell too much as our antiquated voting system meant they only translated into 1 seat.
Amash is in the congress he doesn't get to vote to convict.

He will however most likely vote to impeach and I believe has even stated that he will. 

The vote to impeach only takes a simple minority, and I don't forsee it failing at all.
Is Corbyn the guy who doesn't care if sick kids sleep on the floor?
Excuse me, sir. Would you like to step out here on our ancient, rickety old bridge held together by mud and petrified shit or would you just like to hang out there on the top of that mountain?
good. terrible fake news reporters should be fired. now they just need to fire the rest of the newsweek staff.
Lib Dems are honestly so close to Tory I can only assume the party fakes it's more left leaning ideas to weaken Labour. Why else would a party be so content to be as unremarkable as them.
It's the difference between wanting a delicious cream cake, and getting a delicious cream cake stuffed in your face when you're trying to pull your children out of a burning house.
Yeah, no socialist is claiming that. That is not our position. We have a lot of them (Dear god, we have a lot of them), but freezing socioeconomic mobility is not one of them.
Funny considering abortion kills more POC babies than white babies.
I feel dirty for having watched that
So when the NPC programming infected you, did it hurt or did you just start feeling all warm inside?
I hope so. As I look around I see passionate Bernie supporters, Warren supporters, Buttigieg supporters, and Yang supporters.

Who's passionately supporting Biden? Never mind that it will be goddamn hilarious when it turns out Trump got his ass impeached for the sake of not-even-the-eventual-nominee.
They mean free as in freedom not free as in beer.
Fear and Hatred must be in the special sauce.
It's the bread. They used to have those thin buttery buns. 

Now they have fluffy dry bullshit. I haven't had a good whopper in a decade.
It's not unsolvable if the UK doesn't build a border is it lmfao
Their inability to predict the future should be enough to illustrate to themselves how delusional they are. But it’s not. They’re every bit as snug today.
Watts IS gorgeous, loved her in Twin Peaks S3 but Idk if gorgeous is what you're looking for when casting Hillary. 
Excellent video. I'm impressed he was able to say so much in only 10 minutes! (Obligatory: fuck John Kelly, fuck trump, and fuck everyone who supports him)
Right and when Mueller himself actually speaks to deliver the report, everyone in the world will listen. He’s been quieter than a church mouse, so the contrast will be deafening.
Now there is hot fucking coffee all over the cabin, scalding everyone on board as they plummet 30,000 feet.
Then stop browsing /r/all and acting like this is an unsolvable problem. Or leave reddit. I'd prefer you leave reddit myself. 
It's the right thing to do but it really sucks that we're in this position in the first place. I don't know what the hell went wrong with the midterms but congress is now totally obstructionist and non-functional. I hope things get straightened out in 2020.
He is only as strong as the backing of his party and that is likely tied directly to the number of his F(ox)ollowers.
Lol, I don’t give a fuck,  the fact that you made a statement like that shows you are insecure with a tiny little penis.
Not to defend Lindsay or anything but mint juleps are actually quite tasty.  And great for the vapors. 
He's always been bad, he was propagandizing for the NATO poisoning and destruction of yugoslavia back when he wrote for the ny times.
#####Jonathan Pie  
**_A Decade of The Tories._**  
Boris is not to be trusted!   For info and tickets to see Jonathan Pie FAKE NEWS: 2020  go to   
🕘 0:04:49  
📅 2019-12-06  
👍 26449 👎 729  
[UKPolitics YouTube content bot™]([URL])
*“It was a dark and stormy night....”*
I agree with the wording of the laws in those states, that it has to be a self-administered dose, and the patient has to be terminally ill.
or...

 Alright, I should be getting close to the ancient demonic texts. 

 They say that even reading it exterminated marginalized people and inspired bigoted zealots to start entire wars.

 \*GASP\* There they are!

 [Clean your room bucko]
Nice. I'd love to hear them loud and proud.
I think it would be more democratic if all the states voted on the same day but we'd have to have public financing of elections first or it would be almost impossible for upstarts to campaign nationwide on no name recognition and no money. The only people with a real shot would be the corpratists.
What should new student loan borrowers watch out for if we do decide to borrow for school?

What should we avoid or be wary about?
Smells kind of damp and moldy. I think it expired.
I thought quoting Donnie's own words should've disproved that insulting the populace would have much of an effect (he insulted many more than Hillary). [Having state/party propaganda probably had more to do with it than either one's unkind words]([URL]).
"The door was slightly ajar as she tried to use her key,"

This has been highly contested.  Family and famiy's attorney say that there is no way he would leave his door open.  
I just think that capitalism prioritizes making as much wealth as possible,

Why is that inherently bad?  More money means you can open your own non profit agency to tackle inequity and poverty.  Why depend on the government when you can run your own?
A-M-E-N.... The past idiotic Republican Presidents have proven that!
I am Jesus Christ. I say I'm Jesus Christ, I got someone to print a piece of paper that says I'm Jesus Christ, and even the guy who helps me into my straitjacket when I misbehave and need quiet time calls me Jesus Christ.
Nah, but feel free to scream into the void you pathetic Trump fanboi.
So... I dont know enough about this to quite know what to make of it.  Insubordination is a clean kill to a career, though, but what how where the courts marshal being twisted, and no it doesn’t surprise me.
There is something troubling about Matt Gaetz's teeth. They are unsettling to look at.
It's a leftie tactic called elephant hurling. They hate the Bible and Jesus, but try to use lies and distortions to further their twisted agenda ie; unchecked illegal immigration. 
Mr Pillsbury said Xi Jinping wakes up at 3AM in a cold sweat every night thinking about Trumps enormous, gigantic brain! 


That enormous voter turnout may not matter even if it does overcome misinformation, if we don't also close all of the security holes in the voting process.
The Dems are parched
A black man - a woman - a gay man 

Is a bit much within a decade, and counterproductive to the cohesion of the nation in the long term, I don't think that this country can survive another backlash to another controversial president. It's better to play it safe with Biden?
Well if you would rather ignore him then why did you even comment on this post? How does my enjoyment of PewDiePie when I was injured in a car accident mean I worship PewDiePie? You just being a up tight dick who can’t handle other people’s enjoyment. Fuck off you twat
Bro, that's how you know you got a keeper. If she leaves some smelly slippers to warm your feet. 

Shoot, I'm not mad at ya. we're all just having some fun.
Everything I've seen says that social and economic mobility are also becoming more and more scarce. 

Not a particularly great graph, but it makes the point. 

[URL]
Fighting until the end of times seems like a worse solution to me than peace combined with a totally non-functional government.
Could you give an example of a Republican policy that is more unkind than the Democrat policy and we could discuss?
Shit comrade, that just made me angry as fuck
Dude, the president of the most dangerous country on the planet believes that. Every intelligent person on the planet has kept their sphincter tight since 2016.
How can you fail to remember.  Meatloaf is quite unique as a proper name for a guy.   It's quite memorable.
I’m getting sick of seeing leavers being interviewed on the news and in particular Newsnight. It’s almost as if they pick the most stupid person on purpose! I don’t think the media give enough coverage to remain.
It's not about the tank per se, but more does it contain the same firing system and depleted uranium armor the U.S. M1-series has.  
That's what you have to look for.
Forget it. It's one of those 'loud and proud' feminazis... damaged women. Distance yourself from her.
Yeah, how else would Americans get tasty fruit and vegetables, our lawns cut, and houses cleaned if we didn't have migrants being abused and exploited, working 12+ hours for less than minimum wage?
Am I the only one finding Franklin county freezing for like 40 minutes as suspicious
Feel free to PM me if you have any follow up questions. If Locke doesn't prove to be your thing I can make some other recommendations. Some people like starting with shorter works for instance and other people like one big thing to dig into.
Guns dont kill people and cigarettes dont cause cancer but a faulty abstract concept has cops dropping like flies.  Seems legit.
that was delicious.
He had a pretty privileged educational environment growing up given his parents but I don't hold that against him.
Yang supporter, but I come in peace. All the Warrenites I've met in person have been great people!

Just wanted to point out that there are no rules specified in the game, thus we have not broken any rules or cheated.
Even if it was just that he and a girl got drunk or even tipsy and had sex. 
Or morbidly obese
The most gorgeous, amazing, perfect wall.  Believe me.
Right? I can't place it and it's not because he's hideous or anything but everything about his face just seems... wrong somehow.
make all organizations transparent. make the entire system transparent. that's what we can do with modern informational systems that we couldn't do before.
What fucking low effort rethoric, """comrade""" ?
I like the wall blazer and tie! Who is the poor ugly girl in the background with the bad manicure?
A wet dream for 2A republicans. Funny though that they are on the other side.
Ol’ Sleepy Joe.
It's highly possible.  They've shown the Rep. side with aids going over something.  Not sure what exactly.  Could also be them pointing out certain things in their notes.  Castor mentions certain things, putting them into the record, then the big dick hitters hammer that shit home.
It's not dumber than wearing T-shirts with "Nasty Women" on it. They are both pretty cringe.
The big question is, are they still subject to extortion (taxes) or do they live tax free?
Almost all of the monarchies? Those are also systems of government. And they're ancient.
That interview him sweating..... I bet money he was Rollin hard on exstasy
Or it will be another old white guy as it has always been.
Ha, getting tipsy while watching the telly is always a good way to unwind and start your weekend 
It's not unnecessary. It's absolutely vital to solving the problem of allocating scarce resources. 
Most of these idiots would be too obese to qualify for military service.
Nothing [URL] than teenagers lungs being damaged and some dying. That's why this entire discussion is happening, wussy millennials need their flavored everything because of life-long decadence.
Whimpering centrist, damp squibs who gave us alt-right fascist scum
That's a pretty good guess
Yeah, I'm pretty sure BobbyLarken was actually advocating that terminally ill people should assassinate Congresspersons. Read his responses a bit down.
Of course you would think a person like AOC is a coward while worshipping Donald Trump. I mean the guy won't even have WH press conferences anymore or testify on his own behalf . . . ever. 

It's really just a symptom of your twisted world view.
They’re in the minority so it doesn’t matter. The house is more majoritarian than the [URL] used to be.

It just delays the special election, that Republicans may fear losing without the incumbency advantage.
What is his argument.  I can argue that a wild lion won't kill me if its hungry, but it won't exactly mean shit.
Because he's not terminally ill like his opponent
Well yeah, but i didnt want to type all that out though. But yeah, the Japanese war crime denial part is extremely unsettling, and how many people think Japanese history is full of peace and love
The Clean Wehrmacht myth goes way back – partly because the Iron Curtain meant that the West simply got more German accounts of the Eastern Front than Soviet ones, and partly as a deliberate effort to rehabilitate (West) Germany's military traditions with it being a new ally.
Remember all the mockery of Democrats pouring money into the GA-06 special?
Hmmm...I still think an early on R&D would really help to kickstart this. The Carbon Tax thing, small companies will be affected too so there's that.
You should write, your imagery is impeccable. 
‘Even angrier’

I’m not angry.
How is having a coherent central culture for people to have a common identity in a primitive or non-functional thing? 
 Its not hard, just don't play the identity politics game.

I do not think this is possible. One cannot deny what one *is*. It's why we're going to have to deport Nancy Pelosi back to Italy.
Is it because you find him attractive, Mike?
In that case, I can't wait to see Kim Jong Un on the cover for the advancements he made possible in North Korea's nuclear programme
You should check out Michigan in the fall, gorgeous colors abound.
They picked up after themselves too. The grass was spotless when they left.

Compare and contrast that with the 20+ MILLION POUNDS of trash (and live pet dogs!) left behind when the useless societal leeches known as "progressives" stopped protesting the Dakota Access Pipeline.
A scotus is not me. That’s exactly the point. A scotus is supposed to be unflappable. Calm and measured. 
With all the money that people living in cities are currently putting into cars, it would probably be quite trivial to ensure wheelchair accessibility to public transport. As for people's attitudes, that is a more difficult problem, but I would guess that is larger than just public transportation
The problem with this argument though is that since lottery players spend money on tickets despite astronomically small odds of winning that means people who play the lottery are more likely to be bad at managing money anyway - it’s a self selecting group
Calm down bro
Oh the hypocrisy of the cock-loving GOP. They must suck a lot of ‘power’ out of the old white men above them to get to where they are cuz lord knows they’re not intelligent enough to make it on their own.
Yeah, democracy really is a joke when anyone is allowed to vote.
The same reason they hate veterans. Once they've exhausted their usefulness they are simply a drain. 

And yet people in the South keep voting Republican where most military recruits come from, aside from California which is number one.
Bush hair = impeccable.

Trump hair = free-spirited.

Your hypothesis checks out. 
Working. Stood in a freezing cold shop with no customers.
Yeah this was funny but brutal. But complaining about an Onion headline is an exercise in futility. Ignore and move on.
Funny how you cannot find this reported ANYWHERE on the BBC or Guardian
Filthy bourgeoise! You’re trying to disarm the proletariat!
Not yet, it's just starting to be spring, so it's pretty cold still and rainy.

I hear it's great in the summer though!

Source: Friends in Kazan
1) Calm down.

2) Shove your attitude.

3) I was asking why you thought the way you did. That isn't a reason to continue acting like a dick.
He'd never do it.   Every day he'd be in character it would be like hot tar was poured on his soul.  


No amount of scalding showers with Lysol and Brillo pads would make a difference.
Yup any other intelligent republican can mop the floor with him. But all trump will say is. China. Mexico. You’re old and sleepy. So policies will not be discussed 

Also I’d love if John Hicks looper got the nod as vice. Or president and yang as vice
It's worse than that. Only a tiny fraction of the party have real decision making power for elections.
actually represents their concerns on certain hot button issues like immigration!

Just like the Conservatives supposedly supported this issue over the last decade, despite overseeing record levels of migration. Very trustworthy.
Before people recognized him as an enormous threat to their preferred candidates, they really were so patronizing about him with a patting-themselves-on-the-back kind of sincerity. Hilarious to look back on now.
He sprouts them on a damp paper towel. But they smell like death.
Do any Republican here not find it suspicious that they have tried so hard to keep this secret?

Even if they did, they wouldn't care, protecting democracy isnt in their interest. It's all about "winning" now.
While Bernie perhaps could do more to praise the good things they are doing some would argue that those are what should be expected and because they are doing some good things that doesn't make the not paying a certain tax okay.
I think Bmore passed Chicago back in 2017 if I'm remembering correctly. There's a saying plastered on mugs, sweatshirts, you name it, says "there's more than murder here!" As if crime is something to joke about or capitalize on
Nice "have you stopped beating your wife" play there, not at all transparent 

&#x200B;

I agree with Michael Moore, yes.
Remainers: We need a low paid slave class from Eastern Europe to pick crops, subsidising the cheap food our jobless underclass eats.

It's an absolute joke.
the electoral college gives power to states with thin majorities over homogenous states. I doesn't necessarily favour small states by design.
Right.  Much better to have way more people starve with no bread in the dumpster.  Why don't the starving people here just take the bread from the dumpster then?
When you see things like the BBC's "morbidly obese people are ok" peace you can't help but think we've been marching towards this for a while.
 She has described her Puerto Rican community as an amalgamation, stating, "We are black; we are indigenous; we are Spanish; we are European." 

Her own words. She's POC, not white. This shouldn't be so difficult for you to understand. Light =/= whiteness.
AKA, we tried bribes, threats, political skullduggery and nasty words but when someone called us out we lied and denied.
So painfully true, the meritocracy idea is a myth wealthy people told us so we can blame our self for being poor, because we don't try hard enough.... well, they don't try hard enough either, and it doesn't really matter.
Sleepy eyes is a piece of shit.
Strzok is an American hero, you filthy traitor. 
But the thing is; it costs everyone. 

The more we stand up the destitute, the less inclined they are to do anything about it. And you can't say they don't have the same opportunities, because they do.
It means they know Trump can't open his mouth without lying.
pound goes up when there’s certainty

most likely it’s nothing to do with the election, or due to whispers and rumours
Holy shit, what a runt.  Obama is already a skinny little soyboy, look at the little inbread turd besides him.
I find it hilarious that all Trump has to do is threaten to do something, this is a threat let’s be clear as nothing has yet been cut. The guy literally lives in your head rent free 365 days a year, it’s fucking comical.
Yes, but it will never not be funny point and laugh at the utter stupidity of it.
 Why is this deemed an unsolvable problem?

Because so many people don't want to solve it, and there's plenty of money and support for politicians for NOT solving it.
Oh, mister "Why is everyone so angry? let's calm down nothing happened here"
Will Trump never speak an unkind word about Putin or Russia? Gee, what a poser?!
Trump bent over backwards for the Mueller investigation and demrats say the opposite.
Scarce resources means almost everything... Used in economic production by multiple people can mean almost everything... 

About my toothbrush, I don't really care, I would be more worried about my neck since I would probably get murdered as a reactionary when socialism starts to fail.
Imagine believing her obviously obsequious comments were literal. Is this really the best the right can do?, they're petrified of her.
Ahh shit good catch.  I'm gonna blame my sleepy eyes.  A disgrace.  Weak performance!
This is most unsettling.
I can understand people having problems with David's show and his views but I'd personally disregard comparing him to these pile of grifters even if he is on that site. It takes listening to 2-3 shows knowing his content and framing is far cry from these actors.
Fuck karma; it's totally devoid of any meaning or value.  Plebbit outside of here is a gigantic waste. 
Yes. And water is wet. Fear, not hope, is what has driven people the past few decades.
Captain Gigantic Asshole
What a miserable life it must be to hate so many things and people. That takes a lot of energy.
The deregulation lining the pockets of the elite are the same regulations that kept small businesses from entering the playing field. The difference is that corporations could afford it while small businesses had to fold.
That doesn't make her not a Republican/Russian plant. It's almost certain that they were boosting Bernie towards the end of the 2016 primary in hopes of fostering division in the Dems.
Is no one else going to ask if Kamala is drunk

The concept of putting an uglier woman next to you to make yourself appear less ugly: does not always work.
A tiny fringe portion of the pro-life movement cares about making all contraception illegal. So small it's like saying all pro-choice people want to sell dismembered babies.
Warren is marketing herself as "reduced fat" Bernie; the reality is that she's uncomfortably close to "Bernie Zero".  At this point I'd still vote for her in the General if it came to that, but she's making that decision more difficult by the day.
How twisted and archaic the general ideas of Reddit are. Like are these supposed to be the benchmark of their argument?
I wonder who he blames Katrina on.  Even if you pretend the Iraq war was pushed on Bush by neocon advisors and faulty information or was "worth it given what we knew at the time", you can't ignore the mess that was his domestic doings.  
The US isn't prepared for a rainy day.
Any light bulb that is turned on makes him look orange.
power plants are pretty efficient, and we use all means available to create it.  If we weren't good at it, your power bill would be sky high.

Things get more efficient over time, your house isn't full of 75watt light bulbs any more, etc
I'm not sure where the nanny-state should stop. Generally where the free-market fails, which is quite a few places. Your argument still applies to other substances that you're happy to regulate, it's a strange justification.
One thing I have heard in the past is that having an elastic currency allows for loaning/creating money to allow large scale military expenditures. Basically without the FED along with income tax the first and second world war would have been impossible to fund. Has anyone else heard this before?
Women and men are not equal. They never ever will be. However, both deserve equal rights.

Women shouldn't be allowed to abort without a mans permission and men should pay for 25 years of child support in every case
You realize that law is for terminally ill babies, right?

He supported a law that companies can use religion as an excuse not to cover birth control, which is insane
Think of the ratings! Trump should definitely do this. That call was perfect!
Yep and at least Joyce is a good retail politician.
3 hour old account. what Art meant was the poll is done during the middle of the day online... who is home during the middle of the day on a week day? usually retirees.
Unless you're in one of the [many countries]([URL]) without clean tap water. The majority of humans don't have tap water that's safe to drink.
Banning them will stop them from radicalizing people in the first place.

Do you think someone’s more likely to join ISIS if they’re a member of a radical Islamist facebook group?
 The Dust Bowl led to hundreds of thousands starving

Yet another lie from a dumbass socialist.

 Singapore has a strong import economy

You mean.. they're rich because of capitalism.
don’t say anything about close to light speed

Can I mention gravity instead?
this is whats wrong with leading via emotion


He once declared California drought would never end. then they had a lot of snow for one winter and a rainy spring and it ended.


[URL]
Only because we have empathy for people who are terminally ill. It's kind of what separates us from the uncivilized, feral right. 
Yeah, the kind of ignorance and selfishness that is unabashedly pouring out of people is truly telling of their character. I’m just sorting them out at this point, pleading with the goodness I know is somewhere in some of my family members who are so full of this shit.
Exactly. All Bernie supporters must treat this campaign like Gregg Popovich would a basketball game. If you think that winning by a few points is satisfactory or encouraging than you will play poorly and lose more often.
not american so i can’t attend but i’ve gone to other rallies and it’s super easy to make friends since you’re all there for a common goal :D you already have a conversation topic set! have fun and stay warm!
Thug Nasty, Candice Owens, Pence, Kanye, Giuliani, Cocaine Mitch, Alex Jones, Bannon... GEOTUS has his helpers too :-)
So, as an independent, you find it silly and uninteresting that the Republican Party is spreading Russian propaganda intended to hurt Americans?
When the tax reform was enacted they implemented a tax deduction known as the Section 199A for pass through business to get them in line with the lowered tax rates for large corporations.  There are limitations though such as industry types and AGI limits for certain taxpayers of these pass throughs.
That shows US pharma want to hoik prices up and make profit if at all possible. Is that a big surprise to you? Are US pharma lobbyists going to be in charge of both sides of any future trade negotiations?
Agreed with above commenter. It would be disastrous if Trump had a competent press secretary to present his horrible ideas in a palatable way. Having this fucking moron bumbling around at his podium as the face of the president's agenda every few days helps highlight the ineptitude of the administration in a very public manner.
Are there any psychologic explanations about why you become more mentally/emotionally damaged by having a promiscuous and hedonistic lifestyle? Because it seems that the most people that engage in these things are more often emotionally unavailable and have severe commitment issues (they have troubles to maintain a long term meaningful relationship).
Oh. Way to go. Creating an even bigger crisis for the bees. I wish the orange cringe lived long enough to see what the world looks like when pollinating bees are extinct. 

This is sheer lunacy.
Kuhner is my favorite. He and his audience are hilarious, I also like that he seems to relate to the working man more than just about any other radio host
I haven't seen him say anything negative about a firearm.  It is possible that he has and it is possible he like everything.  For me, I have a hard time believing anyone that never finds fault with anything.  It doesn't seem authentic, so I quit watching.
Well, now I understand the labor triumphalism mixed with occasional snug soundbites from Tory canvassers in the ground.

It's going to be brutal. Chlorine-washed turkeys lying on the floor in the manger. At least the Tories will ~~wear the blame for brexit~~ astonishingly escape censure
 We could make Trey's dad Governator of California : )

No No No, that maid is hideous.   It turns out Arnold happens to have Bill Clinton's taste in thick thick thick women who store fat year round - enough for two famines back to back.  Nope.
how do you think the real shooters escaped? Fire escape duh. it was ajar for a reason. Paddock was nothing more than a patsy
Ok come on the people in Epstein’s black book should definitely be shot into space
You completely ignored the fact that wealthy owners of capital, or those born into capital, have an extremely higher amount of freedom than a destitute person. Hierarchies of power and unequal freedom are embedded in such a system.
WhEn ThEy Go LoW, wE gO hIgH!!!
Can you explain this part: "except that in any action brought against a judicial officer for an act or omission taken in such officer’s judicial capacity, injunctive relief shall not be granted unless a declaratory decree was violated or declaratory relief was unavailable."
Complaining about Hitler won't make you more palatable to liberals. 
If an impeachment can turn the population against congress, then throwing the Democrats in jail for their kangaroo court, and, really, treason, would certainly have an impact on a large portion of the population that doesn't follow closely.

Right now, Trump even gets sympathy points.
The articles about Left vs Liberal.  Not Democrats vs Republicans.  Black people support Liberal candidates because Liberalism is founded on the concept of human rights.
The model is the issue. The rate of return is pathetically low and is reliant on you living a long time. I suggested a more efficient alternative which generates more wealth and makes it transferable upon death.
Good thing she’s morbidly obese so she only hit fat and not vital organs.
Implying that the founder of all Abrahamic religions is so morally destitute as to resort to lying.
Wait, by “starving” does she mean dieting? LMAO
As an Aussie living in America I found the pledge of allegiance that the kids have to say every day at school kindof unsettling and cult like when we first saw the kids have to do it. 

Philips Warm Glow?  Or something else?
too tired
  plastered the whole inside of the outhouse at his hunting camp with Hillary pictures as a joke

Where do you guys fap?
Damp... I mean, dank!
Could give 0 fucks what Cato says. It won't be a real opinion, it wll be more of the same: blame the poor for everything so the rich can steal from us.
No, he isn’t. And it tells me you’re not good at your job if you’re unable to do the analysis or research that shows why. Do better
scalding if true
Malignant narcissist doesn’t get upset when ego is stroked.

Water is wet
it SHOULD be politicised. if stopping institutional financial fraud allowed by a lack of oversight isnt political, what is?

should be noted how tight Chris Bowen is with most bank CEOs. He made a positive comment about Nicholas Moore retiring, for one... 
This video is great!!! one tiny critique, you should put the name of the country and or the month that it happened, super amazing to think of all the stuff going on at once.
Isn't that a boy she's forcibly transitioning?

Children gender reassignment is the new thalidomide, it just takes longer to cripple the poor kids.

Edit: typo + [indeed that poor trans kid named Jackson]([URL])
Is always using two forms of birth control paranoid? At first I thought so, but it seems as a guy the only true way to prevent pregnancy is to use a condom, because it's pretty much impossible to know if the woman's birth control fails until it's too late.
I think things will be fine.

Yeah, it's quite an upheaval from their previous way of life; Tittysucking the government nanny state dry, but they'll get used to it.
This is an excellent analogy.
Andrew Yang's UBI can appeal to any poor citizen.
Kellyanne - I know a *very public* divorce would be throwing chum to the sharks but PLEASE get a handle on your obese, psychotic slob of a husband!  It's EMBARRASSING.
I don't care what your political alignment is at this point, I know we Americans apparently love ignoring facts, but the fact is he's the best option that actually stands a snow balls chance. Perfect? No that's impossible, but best most certainly.
I went to one of her rallies (still feel dirty.) The feeling of inevitability and entitlement was palatable. It was almost as gross as the band she hired to sing in backwards Latin.
That's hilarious, this has to be satire.
Obligatory source article:

[URL]
The FBI is quite republican-aligned to begin with. The FBI as an organization is also generally opposed to the rights afforded by the Constitution because it makes their job difficult. I'm not at all surprised that there would be a bunch of pro-authoritarian shitheads in the FBI who worship dear leader.
How ridiculous would it be to elect a human to govern your society and NOT be able to remove their power when incompetence becomes evident? I feel like I'm taking crazy pills.
Absolutely. It's horrific on both ends.
He's the president in chief. He can name whoever the fuck he likes.

The constitution was written decades ago. It's arhcaic and silly.
Fox is as horrible as all the rest are. And who is it who owns the mass media? It's the same horrific people who own every last news outlet, and the world is worse off for them being here.
Speaking of beautiful red waves - your hair is gorgeous!
Man, I bet the SJW campaign of hunting down tofu for their vegan dinner is just stunning.
She is also a fat slob.
It is just unspeakably funny that if reviewbrah didn't refuse to dress exclusively in oversized cheap suits and didn't comb his hair like an 1920s school boy he would he hot
Even then it can be broken. You would have to remove all bugs (next to impossible) or remove all inputs (makes it non-functional). Even then I'm sure someone could find a way. You simply cannot create a practical and useful uncrackable black box except in theory.
 Pseudoephedrine does carry some risks of abuse on its own. Some people use the drug to promote alertness and as a stimulant. 

[URL]

I learn so much chasing down silly things on reddit...
Jesus you are so transparent. Any more Russian talking points you want to use?

Meanwhile you are trying to paint an ESL teacher for VIPKid as some paid agitator. Give me a break "Mr woke American"

Hint: No one talks like that
I'm not sure if adding a memory component to voting is going to work out awesome. Rule by people with short names, memorable entertainers, and the person whose name you remember because they have been and incumbent for years, is going to work out as awesome as you think it is.
 you need F-15's to protect you from the government

Excellent point -- I agree that the 2nd amendment guarantees my right to bear F-15's.
In college, I was friends with a guy named Devin. He was really awesome except for the time he got super drunk at a party, blacked out onto our coffee table full of bottles, cut his eyebrow, and almost pissed in our washer/dryer area. Other than that, great guy.
Man you guys are so, so gullible. Og course they use buzz words to fool people, that's propaganda 101. But it's so obviously transparent that both of them are not against trump at all and hate democratic candidates and attacks them a million times more. How gullible are you guys?
If cold can worsen cramps, then women are the lesser sex.

Also, first-come, first-served*
Im in the “cool and good area”, but I also think hes just a clown. He doesnt even have honest discussions or real debates. Most of his arguments rely on overwhelming his opponent, rather than sound logic. Simply deplorable.
There’s an enormous subset of DSA members who don’t even like Bernie Sanders.
Yep, Putin is a fascist prick but if he's right on that rare occasion, I will admit it.
"I'm sorry your daughter was part of the deep [URL] very chubby, so sad. Have you been to my winery? Many people are saying its the best" - trump probably
She just said in an interview that she backs Maduro and the U.S. should not provide humanitarian aid to starving people. This coming from a Somalian. 
Best of luck. I agree only about half of you are fat but unfortunately the other half are morbidly obese
 Pharma companies have a long history of not putting patients health first.

And still if I am terminally ill I feel I have a right to choose what I want without people like yourself trying to decide what is right for me. 

I was fucking petrified until I clicked the link lol.
Yes, but even some communists are wary about calling him that, since it's like a Mormon baptizing someone after they're dead. Jesus died a Reformist Jew, not a Christian, not a communist. He had traits we like, sure. 
I wasn't planning on eating there anyway.

Mind you, abortion sandwiches are delicious!
Funny how one wholesome interaction from Yang can do that. Immediately made me see Steyer more human when they had that exchange on stage.
I would have guessed that if someone would have asked. We are back to 2007 with large trucks and SUVs dominating the highways. 

I have a hunch the hummer will make a comeback
If lies weren't allowed, republicans wouldn't show up
Your english is excellent, as seems to be the case with most Germans. Better than the English of many Americans, in fact.
sex regularly results in pregnancy.

Not if you use contraception. In that case pregnancy is as rare as a car accident.
In this episode, Dan addresses stunning new details about the “whistleblower” plot to take down President Trump. Dan discusses the identities of key players and their troubling connections to Spygate players. Dan also addresses the radical policies proposed this weekend by these two leading Democrat candidates. 
It’s fine I just genuinely laughed pretty hard at the small error
They're tied financially to Democracy Alliance, which is a billionaire dark money group whose board treasurer (Paul Egerman) is also Warren's campaign treasurer.
I think she’s gorgeous.  She’s intelligent, informed and very composed.  

Chelsea grew up in a pressure cooker, but her parents raised her right.
I think that would be best. They'll probably be annoyed if you contact them again and then ask them to do something. In fact, in the future they'll probably be delighted to know that you're considerate of their feelings by doing that.
Typical conservative insanity. Nevermind the dirty tricks that they did (robocalls telling people the wrong date to vote).
I've seen this a bunch, but I've never seen a satisfactory answer as to how lobbies are so powerful we can't pass a New Green Deal while also being weak enough to allow themselves to be legislated out of existence
 I read Atlas Shrugged too. They aren't very memorable.

I found Rand's book crashingly dull. Wooden characters, silly plots, and endless pages of being ranted at.
I feel like if they can't at least approximate* the makeup of the country they should keep going or it isn't a complete poll. They don't seem like unsolvable problems so I wonder what's going on.

EDiT: not "appreciate" :)
Probably not, but a lot of people get horny when they are drunk. I'm not exactly going to hold myself back if my SO and I are tipsy and rapidly growing handsy in an environment that's conducive enough to sexing.
Video is unavailable for me. 
The purple kool-aid is really tasty and good for you.
I am not a man. Loved the story you made up in your head though. Real intelligent.
Moderates, lol. They might as well be Republicans. These two DINOs had the enormous full backing of the Democratic establishment in their last races.

Any candidate the Dem establishment tries to shove down voters' throats is going to this bad. Just wait for 2020 when they get behind Biden.
I figured there were a bunch of bad light bulbs at the event.
1776 2.0 might be the only option if sleepy Jeff doesn't wake up.
You need to pay attention. Wake up little sleepy one. 
OK, but 16-year-olds are more susceptible to this while sober than a tipsy 30 year-old. Why are we letting 16-year-olds drive?
Eh.. we opened a factory to build its wings.

pretty sure we can service it to a satisfactory degree.
Yup, the house map is freezing whenever I move the cursor
Just make sure it's not too snug.
It is absolutely hideous.
The DNC hates Tulsi. She called them out for rigging the 2016 for Hillary Clinton. Had she stayed quiet and toed the line, she would've been a borderline golden child to run in 2020. Alas...
They won't have to move *too* much to be palatable. Grover Norquist has made things very inflexible for the people who have signed his pledge. I think we've generally settled on a tax model we like over the past twenty years, and nobody's going to change that on either side. 
I don't support open borders so long as the state exists.
Gingrich is one of the founders of modern day GOP bullshit.  [[URL]]([URL]) 

He's a truly hideous human being.
Hence the last line of my previous comment. They're both hideous people, but they have slightly fewer chins and lazy eyes than the shopped image shows. Very slightly fewer. 
**Principal:** That'll do for the meantime, kiddo, that'll do. (almost inaudible sigh) *Hunches shoulders and goes back to his clammy office.*
Can this fat fuck die already from over eating
The economic sanctions are founded on some total horseshit though, that's the reason why iran is escalating in the first place. Its a transparent excuse to get them to give a publicly acceptable reason for war
Destruction from within. Most "transparent" government ever. How many lies have they told us? Next administration will have so much work to do to clean up all the mess.
It amazes me the mental hoops his followers will jump through to convince themselves he isnt a gigantic turd.
and some unforgettable evening entertainment
All arms, skinny ass legs. 
As we all know, Russians have a +20 cold resist.
Hmm, I wonder why of all the international corruption that trump could have acted on, the only thing he did was to demand that Ukraine announce an investigation into a ludicrous conspiracy theory involving his political opponent?  

Simple unavoidable answer - trump wanted Biden’s candidacy damaged.  Nothing else makes any sense.
Yeah, it’s definitely disgusting. I will never understand why no effective action is taken to combat these horrific crimes.
Slap me with the wet squid of surprise, but I would never have expected that....
one person I read prior said they were annoyed at her but I wasn't given a reason why.

explain to me gillibrand, what did she do tonight that you liked.  she's probably the most interesting candidate to me
Usually they take the spring out of the magazine and just sell them in two packages. Separately, it's just a non-functional set of parts. What you do with them after you take them home is your business, in their book.


They are unforgettable, no doubt.
They do have standards for clean drinking water . It's called The Clean Water Act by the EPA . He's just contending with some of the EPAs standards on a few chemicals .
Open forums are nothing more than following the legal process of informing the public. They give people their say and then they vote how they intended to begin with. In 99.99% of all cases, they sway no one.
Amnesty of any kind should really be coupled with fixing our broken border and mandating use of  e-verify or an equivalent verification system
All that beautiful clean coal.
If someone is letting you live on their property even for free you aren’t homelessness and without the burden of taxation this sort of behaviour would be more common.

Government programs don’t end homelessness they perpetuate it.
Oh perfect.  

Seriously considering emigrating somewhere else...
A demilitarized ~~Gaza~~ Middle East would not only benefit ~~Israel~~ the middle East, but also the ~~Palestinians~~ rest of the World.

I'd love to see this but sadly we just keep pouring in more weapons.


Hideous inbred people 
It's not exclusive but generally it can be explained why we are special and not because 'god said so.'
What a a filthy, racist scumbag.
Look at this hideous group of dweebs
No really, you're not fooling anyone and your shit's all retarded.

The swamp creatures REMAINING are almost entirely in the Demokkkrat Party.

95% of the GOP support POTUS.

Your stupid low IQ attempts to divide the GOP have failed.
otherwise known as the twisted orgy den

what an experiment it will be. 

quality TV inc.
[They tried and failed]([URL]) to seize control.

Overturning the prorogation accomplished nothing except hardening views - they should have kept their powder dry.
Hell is most certainly freezing over.
Collins is not nearly as funny as he thinks it is. Just another conservative who doesn't know comedy
That'll be the market in action.

You need to ensure conditions for scarce staff are good enough for them to stick around for you.  Doubly so when you've invested a lot in their training. 

Otherwise an outfit like this will come along and poach them off you.  
Haha read what I wrote again. I said assuming net revenue generated by the government remains the same. I've said that three times. That means your bank account is depleted either way. 

What if the government raised taxes slightly but gave a rebate? Same effect. 
Not just that, but how are people supposed to get healthy if it’s culturally acceptable to be obese? 

“Love your body”

Okay cool, so I’ll just eat like shit for the rest of my 50 year life. 
Rich white men don't have it hard. But as long as affirmative action exists, poor white boys will never get a legit chance to become rich white men.

A system that puts Will Smith's and Oprah's kids ahead of a white kid who pumps gas is just pure evil.
You aren't gonna win with this dude. We seem to be on the same level and his responses just keep getting more convoluted and twisted since he's flat out wrong on a lot of it. I'd just stop for your own sanity. :)
There are absolute nutters from every walk of life political or otherwise. It only takes one person who hasn't received adequate mental health treatment to make a death threat no matter which color they wear to the polls.
YES.

My friends are pretty much entirely feminists, except for one but I'm working with him on it and he's doing real good.

But online?  Holy CARP.  Whenever I stumble over to conservatwitter, I pretty swiftly regret it and have to come back for warm fuzzies.
 I'm somewhat convinced by the Georgist argument that poverty is largely driven by unfair and unequal land access.

Land is cheap. Improved land with decades of infrastructure investment is expensive. Investment is only made by owners, not the renters Georgism would relegate society to.
thats all due to rampant 3rd world migration where diseases and illness flourish as well as poorer european countries pouring into the uk to abuse these open borders.
Like the gay kind? Because im cool with that.
Weird that a guy so worried about the politicization of science is worried about a transparent attempt to politicize science. Just because he's not down the line on reactionary causes doesn't mean there aren't buttons that can override him knowing better.
I know rightttttt? I have had Chickfila a few times. Shit is so bad. People should just do themselves a favor:Save that $5 and then save it again and go like a great burger at a decent establishment.
And to somebody else, Pete supporters condescending attitude if we aren't fawning over him is pretty troubling too.

EDIT: Also, as a minority, means tested programs are a bandaid to avoid fixing socioeconomic issues.
A friend of mine had to wait 7 hours for a fucking broken nose on Saturday night. That's it. 

Around me where seriously ill people sleeping on chairs who had seemingly been there longer and were still there when we left.

It was miserable and appalling.
Stunning rebuke. 
Fuck Mitt Romney and Fuck Barak Obama. They are both in bed with the same big interests. Both are corporatist war-mongering pigs. A plutocracy that portrays the a false difference. The Democrats and the Republicans, two heads on the same hideous monster. 
This was in 2015 under Obama btw. Though she seems to fall asleep every year...
But... but.. we're volunteeeeeers... Waaaaaaaahhhh, be nice to me and tell me I'm special... Wahhhhhhhhhhh...
Nor am I, but I don't know how it's possible to "own" information. It's neither scarce nor rivalrous. Calling it property doesn't really fit in the spirit of property rights. 
Playing a little fast and loose with the word "brilliant" there. Basically they're just playing to the racism and xenophobia of their base.
Community unavailable. Private or removed ☹️
The fact that I've seen a shit ton of Minnesota flairs here and none of them have been pro-this insanity on this site gives me hope that we can maybe have a gigantic fucking party somewhere
That was unreasonably difficult to click on.
Yeah that ride from Statesboro to Savannah is... unsettling.
And?

Paxman's "Did you threaten to overrule him" is one of the most memorable moments in British television history.

I'd love for that to happen for something Brexit related.
This is privilege. 

If he was white and a Trump supporter (or just white) his body would still be hanging in the center fo Chicago.

They let him free because he would have damaged the image of powerful Democrats going it 2020. 

Justice yet again has failed the American people.  
That they are somehow to blame for their impossible situations.

Being poor is considered a character flaw in this twisted society. 

And too many people have this hangup that not working is somehow bad - unless you are a trust fund baby because of the double standard in our sick society.
Same guy sexually harassing two strong beautiful intelligent sisters.
maybe we should start pushing the narrative that most antifa members are sexual deviants(crossdressers, ect) and the muslims will just take care of them for us.

as an added bonus it would prove muslims violent and make it more palatable to go after them too.

america wins again.
The problem is sites like that really lack a lot of nuance. I also recommend reading their websites and listening to relevant interviews/debates. These are enormous issues that can't be summed up in a single word or sentence.
“We drained the swamp. With my drainage company. Sold the land to myself for cheap since it was a swamp. Now it’s a golf course and resort. Maybe I’ll host G7 here.”
 However on topics of philosophy, science and politics, his arguments are mediocre at best.

Such ignorance. If  you think what Jordan brings to the table is mediocre, then you either don't understand what he's saying or you don't understand what mediocre means. 

Ah, so this is why I didn’t get my re-enlistment bonus. Sick.
I saw the look on their faces on CNN at about 10:00 and I knew things look very, very good.  No words were necessary.  Once  PA had exhausted their urban precincts and Trump was still up 50000 votes, things looked even better.
Lieberman wasn't in Congress when the PMRC hearings were going on, but he was involved with the Parents Television Council, which you might be thinking of. The main figurehead of the PMRC was Tipper Gore, and the video shows clips of Al Gore grilling Dee Snider of Twisted Sister.
While this comment is up, I'd like to recommend *Late Night with Seth Myers*. The first ten minutes are devoted to scalding Trump and the writing is top notch. He's worth including with Colbert & Stewart at this time.
Nope. We got exempted. I'll be out freezing my butt off on the 24th,, as God intended.
Hopefully a large portion of his influence will die when he does
It’s just cheap way to get street cred. This is like a gun manufacturer saying to all anti gunner who buy our products guess what we don’t need you anymore!!
I'm pro-choice. I just don't have a strong opinion because the issue is unsolvable.
Bull market wasn't 2008-19.  More like late 2009 onward in the stock market, but 2011 or 2012 onward in the job market.

Also, the crypto thing was/is an enormous speculative bubble.
I keep hearing this and find it difficult to find a straight answer. Could somebody genuinely please explain to me how he's not? I understand he's had affiliations with the IRA. (I don't believe he is, I'd just like clarification).
At some point the majority of the country has to be exhausted by this. Right?
I think they are trying to argue that congress is only allowed to create laws, not investigate. That is a function of the executive branch. 

Of course, that is all nonsense, but it’s what they are going with.
Although this is incriminating, it wont change anyones minds, the only people supporting biden are neolibs or people who dont actually watch any political related content ever
What i'm trying to say is that what if those shareholders couldnt care?
Whilst i'm sure they're not going to come out and support Spez - a silence is just as deafening 
No don't do it our numbers are already low we won't have enough members for our annual grill'n chill
That’s because somehow cassettes have had a slight resurgence similar to vinyl, although not quite as big.  They’re cheap to produce, nostalgic, and hipsters love them.
I thought Rupert Murdoch was the Dark Lord.
True. But with how insane the nation is right now, carpetbagging is very low on the outrage scale.
We’re out towards Ann Arbor. Combined, my wife and I probably bring home about 70k and we barely scrape by living in a tiny house. I work overtime every week and I’m considering a side job so I can maybe save up some emergency money.
I am so tired of this woman representing me in the senate.

I'm normally not an unkind person but on the day that this woman passes  on I'm going to buy a munchkin hat and spend the day walking around singing ding dong the wicked old witch is dead.

Scalding hot take: Nixon should have won in 1960
It's at worst unconstitutional and liable to be overturned. Treason? Good god, you people are just hard-wired to drama.
That is why you now identify as black. 

How do you do, fellow black pede?
I agree with you that it's free and interesting content, and I don't see a problem with it personally, but I don't think "stop complaining" is an adequate counter argument.

If you disagree with a position, provide an alternate one and reasoning for why it's a better position.
It's super awesome how he happened to not have this sentiment in 2008 when he ran against Hillary Clinton and now that he never has to compete with a woman for anything ever again he now has this sentiment. That's just super cool.
Neoliberal style would be on a bike or train, filthy casual.
Haven't seen this mentioned, that he couldn't answer how much is too much? Most grown adults know their limits. Me, one beer I'm happy, two and I'm asleep. He doesnt know how much is too much.
His tax cuts might be bad for certain businesses, but the people who run companies love trump because of his gigantic tax cuts for the rich.
Big businesses don't want a free market, they're right. Big business wants tasty lobbying power and regulations that kill small business

Where they fuck up is when they assume libertarians support the entanglement of business and government
People shouldn’t be scared of the government, the government should be scared of the people
Clinton has no idea. Republicans probably masturbate to her getting terminally ill every night. I guarantee you they will dream on. They've been dreaming. 
But that would be pressure from other people, which I explicitly excluded. I am talking about fear of freezing to death or starving and such. Nature has no agency. You can't say it pressures you.
I just want to make it to 2021 first.

Edit: assuming Trump’s idiotic coup gets shut tf down...
When we vote we usually only have 2 people to choose from. If you could choose a republican woman or a democrat man I guess you would choose the democrat then? According to you men are always better! Must suck to be a hard core sexist.
Dan Hodges has calculated that Labour might be in danger of looking a bit too popular and has decided to link a bunch of unrelated wedge issues that might make any new centrist party a bit more palatable to people that don't *really* mind food-banks existing
Miss Lindsay was always a never Trump neocon. He serves his globalist masters not the American people. 

Get bent you globalist bastard!! 
And h fucking blindsided everyone by making the skinny repeal much more than removing the mandate.
Don't be such a damp squid. 
be wary of people who suddenly appear in your life with the desire of aiding you in the commission of extremist acts

That's just good advice generally.
No it is. The alt right even writes manuals on how to achieve their goals through ironiv normalizition of their hideous ideology.
 “so sure of yourself and arrogant”
keeps proclaiming that the ~crazy left~ is responsible with no evidence

”isn’t conservative or liberal”
neither is vandalism you damp sock

not the left. the left has wealth hoarders too. set ALL the yachts adrift
Explain that last fact for me if you don't mind


Is it that like, I'm a chubby loner, I get a "come jihad bro" msg, and say fuck it because I'm fat and lonely? Is it more in depth than that?
Are you Canadian?  I generally don't hear about this ridiculous time wait from Canadians. Just American "Conservatives" that claim to know a Canadian. I know a half dozen Canadians pretty well and they don't seem to have the same impressions.
Alright that's perfectly satisfactory.

Also, Maajid Nawaz has appeared on TV to debate this guy at least once, I believe.
Pouring some gasoline on that raging fire of paranoia th president has already
If it’s a large amount for most of America, it’s big money. If it gives someone making more money than me more of a say in the political process, it’s big money and an unfair advantage for those who have it.
hope it wasn’t me :/ I was a nightmare and tore through tinder relationships and acted pretty borderline
Yeah if you could go ahead and not make jokes like that, it’d be great.

It makes trans people annoyed at you.
Yea I’m having troubling seeing this quote in a positive light. It seems like a perfect setup for people to argue that no one will work or contribute if we have UBI.
He was pro choice in 1999. Which kid is younger than 20 years old?
I want solutions, not empty gestures and dinner wagging.

I disagree.  I, for one, would like to see some dinner wagging, just so I can find out what exactly it is.  It sounds delicious and adorable, at the same time!
Well Donny maybe if you hadn’t called him “dishonest and weak” he’d be more inclined to play nice but no you couldn’t keep your big stupid mouth shut for even a moment
Not a satisfactory response. And I say this with all due respect: prove to me you even know what you claim to be knowledgeable about. Posting references to YouTube is not satisfactory. At all.
If history is an adequate template, than that already exists, except it's filed under "kompromat".
Without Hunter Biden, the rest of the people and information needed that the GOP want are impossible to get on. I dislike these lunatic house republicans.
You save in case, and other sources efficiency will improve anyway in all likelihood. Mountaintop removal is stupid, and if the resources will be depleted it's not sustainable. 
I didn’t think it needed explaining but the left has certainly been the target of misinformation. 

[URL]

I don’t think it’s an equivalent thing, right wing people have become an angry ridiculous mob - being prideful in their ignorance
How so? If labor is so "tight" then why does anyone need a union? Individual bargaining power rests in the fact that their labor is scarce and *needed*. Isn't it quite the opposite? 
Have you asked yourselves why three senators are retiring? Maybe they have pay to play schemes of their own.  They see Biden's scheme coming to light and they're getting out while the getting's good.
Using the stereotype "Bernie Bro" is not in line with The Rules of The Road. The man turned out to be Hispanic and associated with Black Lives Matter South Bend. His actions are not representative of Bernie supporters.
GEOTUS is always right.  Horrific though that may be.  /sad
[URL] does New York make life so fucking hard. But I saw a post about it today on twitter and they seem amped up and ready for the challenge.
Scientific evidence and commercial advertising aren't polar opposites.


You can use scientific evidence to advertise something.


Also EC isn't telling people to keep quiet. It's telling organizations they have to register with Elections Canada so that their finances can be monitored.
So they get the overheads and stresses of running a small businesses, having to complete their own tax returns, and they are no better off than a PAYE employee.
Kurt Warner. From small town Iowa grocery sacker to Super Bowl MVP. MAGA.
Water freezing into ice, but that would make the title too long
It's always hilarious to see small government conservatives screech about essentially arbitrary immigration laws when our extreme capitalist system and sometimes "criminal" employers provide the incentive to immigrate.
It only makes her sounds worse because it's out of context. This is literally the next thing she says and said in it's entirety, makes complete sense. I want to help people who are it of work and care for the terminally ill.
Scalding take: mathematical statements are contigent.
Shaun always annoyed me so I don't feel like watching it. Could you explain in a few words, how Shaun addresses what I just said, that there are in fact people on the left that do diminish the words "Nazi" etc. ?
I want my ashes sprinkled on a potato field, at least then I get back into the food chain. Preferably through some cheap shitty convenience food.

~~gone but not forgotten~~

Forgotten but not gone
I think it was the one called soaked in bleach. There was just some weird stuff that didn't add up and I'm very prone to believing conspiracies/ alternative theories. It's my weakness.
Not if it was just for being political opponents, no. But that wouldnt be why.

 Their transparent fixing of the democratic process at the expense of the American people would be why.
Shit fuck this guy who wrote this article. I’ve eaten bacon and eggs everyday for years and I’m perfectly fine. I’m not obese and pretty physically fit.
Fox and MSNBC are transparent about their bias in a way that CNN absolutely isn't. I guess their marketing works on some people.
Socially conservative values as prescribed by religion is a likely starting point. There's also the machismo factor in conservatism; ranging from 'stiff upper lip' to militarist foreign policy to distinct gender roles. I suppose this is essentially identity politics.
The scourge of socialism... Suggest you don't go to large parts of Europe if that's what you think socialism looks like. Berk.
People need their immediate needs met first. Too many hungry, overworked, exhausted and terrified citizens. People, you and I included, are easy marks when we are acting in fear.
**Mueller put it in black and white.**

Not me.  What is open to interpretation here?  Either he lied in print, or he lied verbally.
Did you just leave the tab open while you were napping or something?
If you were a weapons manufacturer you wouldn’t be to unhappy 
And I never said he was, although he’s certainly against some private commerce. That would be impossible. However, if he really wanted Norway like everyone keeps claiming, his economic policies would have to be the most market oriented out of everyone in the race.
If anything, AOC endorsing Bernie will make Warren seem less far left/populist and more palatable than centrist Biden.
Lol. That's a pretty fuckin low bar.
Small brain time
I get sleepy when the Republicans are talking but I've managed to fight that urge to turn away. If we turn away, they win.
brilliant comment
This sort of story is designed to give them justification for their violence.

"I was scared they were going to kill me so I killed them back first!"
Tell me, if petrol cost £20 a litre and the train was free, which is now the obvious choice?
Representative democracy is still  democracy. Unless you're an ancient Athenian. Right to bear arms is not a prerequisite for democracy.
Snow is WHITE you fucking racist psychopaths!
Wow,  great answer!!  That explains everything crystal clear.  Racist..
While I do not support Trump, I think that Trump content should not be banned because then you are censoring speech which I think is really toxic.
Be wary of things that "seem"...
That Hannity is waaaaaaaaay too skinny.
Your puppy is blessing your windows with a thin layer of protective saliva.
I guess he wasn’t asleep when hijacking money! 
Man buns are AWFUL! I hate seeing a good Looking guy wearing tight women's means and sporting the ugly too feminine man bun! What a waste!
She’s so ugly and stupid
I was just debating whether to break my no-beer-on-school-nights [URL] comment convinced me. 

EDIT: I am a teacher! Not a tipsy kid!
That's not what Iranian propaganda says.

That said, I don't believe Iran WOULD wipe Israel off the map (at least not with nuclear weapons) since they're a rational actor and that would invite their own destruction), but Israel does have a right to be wary of Iran
Lack of adequate mental health care is also an issue
He's a chubby idiot with a miniscule attention span that speaks like a 3rd grader and was lucky enough to be born into money. How exactly does that make him anything special?
Soaked in Bleach            

Tom Grant is the real deal. I mean have you heard some of the recordings of Courtney on the phone with him? She hired him, I just don't think she was expecting such a savvy P.I.           

and I am so very sorry about your brother ~ /hugs /comfort ❤ 
Inaudible blue haired screeching intensifies. 
but you still have to commit a crime to go to jail.

No not at all. People have been arrested for shit they didn't do or got killed off if they directly threatened the powers that be... Like the Black Panther Party. COINTELPRO wiped them out.
Every one of the girls that he has 'touched' looks petrified.
Someone post the obligatory XKCD link. You know the one.. ..
Like sending a guy out there to argue that water isn’t wet.
That'll work until there's a murder/mass shooting they could've prevented and the bereaved sue the stupid sheriff personally…  
  
Same deal in Colorado with these idiotic "Second Amendment sanctuaries"—somebody is gonna be responsible for a big lawsuit verdict!
*Anti Stalinist propaganda

Orwell was a big fan of Lenin, hated Stalin. Just because I'm a commie doesn't mean I'm a tankie. I believe in a dictatorship of the proletariat.
I doubt you are old enough to remember that OP. this type of thing has been going on for many decades. It was just better disguised and not admitted.
Are you special in any quantifiable way to someone who doesn't know you? If yes, then yes. If no, then no. I really don't care how much Google knows about me because I'm much less interesting than the average person.
An educated populace?

The Republican party would go extinct from lack of rubes.
So sick of the Clinton's self serving centrist bullshit, the lot of them. Go Bernie!
The achievement of liberal democracy by the American revolution, 30 million deaths after China's, or literally nothing by most of them?

My earlier question was a difficult one.
Yep. Hoping Trump is so horrific, that people don't forget how important voting every time is.  We need to make a version of the "Hope" poster with Trump's face that says NEVER FORGET, and spam it everywhere for all future elections.
I have a feeling Murdock and company  are an entity you don’t intimidate or coheres. Randolph Hearst was an excellent example of this in his time. The fact that Trump and company are trying indicates how frazzled Trump is. Transactionally a bad move for Trump.
Poor Donnie, his right index finger must be so-o-o-o tired...
Oh, well if you're attractive you'll easily be able to find someone to text by using tinder and other dating apps
So there were a few bad apples in a gigantic crowd, most of whom were there to support free speech. Its also curious that they muslims assaulting people didn't make it into the conversation here.
In this case, it's nature which is coercive, not the rich. While there has to be coercion to make the hardworking talented people give what they earned to the mediocre leeches.
[only about a third of americans can name the the branches of government]([URL]). I'm sure the percentage is a bit higher in this subreddit, but we're still not exactly drawing from a wellspring of impeccable civics education.
With a heavy democratic socialist bent. None of the Democratic nominees want to take us anywhere beyond what other ‘free market capitalist country’ are already doing.
I've been guided five times for naming the jew on normie subs and then getting banned. It's hilarious seeing gold for a post with 200 downvotes
What? Stupid, stupid, stupid! 

GOP voters should be successful businessmen and women who want a tax break etc, not destitute people who rely on Obamacare to survive.
Kyle, have a Snickers. You turn into a conspiracy theorist when you're hungry.
Because only the weak, the unfortunate, and the destitute are the wrong ones, and they are weak, unfortunate, and destitute *because* they are wrong.
And now it's just hanging there like a wet fart. No law. Nothing. Just a damp stink of a tweet. 
I’m pretty certain that the system that put these people in power and help them remain there, isn’t going to fix this.
I mean I can’t contest to that. But I have a liberal family friend in the FBI, low level. And I do not believe him to be scum. Granted he probably doesn’t have clearance to make a decision on the morality of the organization he works for but I digress
You think bringing back torture and intentionally targeting the families of terrorists are palatable?

You and I have two very different definitions of palatable. 
Eat less, be less obese.
I agree that harsh, frustrating and way too bureaucratic school systems are bad. I rage about the school system in my country daily, but there are govt funded education systems in other nations that are higher up on that list.
Fuck same. Twice this week I began drinking in the morning... I like my booze and am responsible but fuck, this week has been a bender of alcohol and comfort food. 

Currently tipsy. I work tomorrow.
You sound like you have the personality of a damp rag. 
Anyone who identifies as an open feminist in the 21st century are barely worth taking seriously, unless they're trying to do some novelty right-wing activism through building an unique identity off of the label.
Pence can’t be fired and needs to get rid of trump before Republican Party is damaged beyond repair. So, pence makes some sense. He’s a weasel though, so I’d say 25%sense 
Individuals have the freedom to leave and work wherever they want. People who haven’t risked a dime of money have no incentive other than to keep their current job. The business owner and investors assume 100% of the risk. This isn’t difficult.
It's stunning we have seen any indictments at all, let alone guilty pleas. This is lightning speed for a white collar investigation.
Oh gee, I wonder why naming the people you have systematically murdered and dehumanized for decades would be a bit unsettling.  

HMMMMM, really curious, i just dont know why it would upset them.
I hear watching paint dry and beating the sun in a staring match are also fun to pass time with
Reported for inciting violence and terrorism lol. Calling the attempt to derail a train by pouring concrete on the tracks a "good action". What the fuck is wrong with you?
I’m not unconvinced he’s a multidimensional being who’s losing his ability to remember which dimension he’s in. He keeps railing against Hillary because in some dimensions she won. In some dimensions the USSR won the Cold War so he is deferential to Russia.
[URL]'s gigantic...  I was expecting something more modest and wondered at the objection.  Now I understand.  Thank you.
 I say that he is the best American President, not because his policies are good, but becaus**e he is the most transparent president.** 

Why, that sounds so familiar! Almost word for word, too...
I dont suppose you could share?

I understand if you dont, but I would be delighted if you do.
Referencing the bit JP says about consent being bad because if you watch films they never sit and say 'yes I want to have sex' or 'sign consent forms', they just have sex. 

And how JP fans are filthy incels who think all women want to have some sort of rough PornHub esque sex.
That platform is freedom of speech. We should all have it. It’s no big deal. What are you scared of? When people make idiotic statements, I just think they’re idiots. What’s the big threat to you?
Yes it is really some nasty undertones with it. And it's 'good' to see where that quite extreme hatred lands from Labour supporters.
I love the way that office looks. Not dirty or messy, but not spotless and clear. A place where real work gets done
I don't have time to watch it atm, why do you think the answer is not satisfactory?
he is a retard who has a snug ass redefinition of idpol and 'onr true intersectionaity'
Green is border patrol. If you thought that was bad, wait until you see a thin yellow line, which represents security guards
Before the election Richard Branson noticed Trump's vindictive, petty tendencies and wondered out loud whether it would adversely affect his ability to govern. Hmm....I wonder if Branson was right?
Didn't vote for Hillary.  Stop projecting.  Lose the flag and rejoin America, not some failed miserable idea of it that got it's ass kicked in twice.
Yeah similar comments were made last time, and I guess people may have Christmas parties in the evening/not want to wait in the freezing cold
If you care about helping poor and destitute people, taking actions that will make it harder to import food and energy are a bad way of going about it.
Exactly less than obese!
And the Dems are petrified of Dr. Carson because he destroys the perpetual victim narrative.
I have a 780. Best I can do is \~23%

Also be wary of APRs that sound too good to be true. Make sure you read the fine print.
What an unforgettable meme!
Juan never has anything intelligent to say.
Based on my memory of the sub I think this is a gross exaggeration. Even under Draco there were fairly strict rules on things like bigotry and autocrat apologia. 

It's worth bearing in mind that SRS would spin a rope for the members of this sub even if it was spotless.
Really? Because the electoral college States otherwise. You know that legislation that was passed back when the USA was merely 10 years old.
Calm down pal, im just pointing out facts, no need to get antisemitic
So tired of the bullshit.
I just feel like Frankie Boyle is a really good comedian who is wasting his talent half the time trying to be Roy "Chubby" Brown.
I'm pretty over trying to educate people who can't take the tiniest of initiative.  At some point you admit to yourself that no matter how many times you lead that parched horse to the water, he's not going to take a drink.
Just picturing his vibrating turkey-wattle neck as he chortles and chuckles into his own red and scaly chest, so happy that he gets away with this shit over and over. Lining his pockets with filthy lucre and Chinese graft. 🙀
This is hilarious, if the Dems had anything on GEOTUS the Dems wouldn't make up things out of thin air.
gaetz look like someone who would molest a blacked out drunk girl in a party.. idk man his face looks kinda rapey lmao
In DC, can confirm. They plastered posters everywhere around Dupont and my campus and no one showed up.
Obligatory reminder that "Hands up don't shoot" was a lie (proven by coroners) and Michael Brown was a dumb thug who deserved to get shot.
You sarcastically inferred that highly intelligent people cannot be brainwashed. That is provably false.
Sarah! You look parched.
If he gets 4 more years I damn well hope the Democrats take the Senate and expand the House. They could just stonewall Trump 24/7 and *really* make his term miserable
I feel like a tipsy Tim Kaine would go fix your broken garage door opener and make stupid jokes all afternoon. 
50 times in a single minute wouldn't be difficult.
Excellent, ty
Pssst. You can just spend more per student instead to reverse it.  
Or you can trim the fat from the "prisons-for-profit" industry.

Or both.

Nobody's claiming you should let them out or kill them.
I asked in another forum and probably on Reddit, how are you supposed to know if someone deserves special protection from being called an ape if you can't tel what race they are?  No satisfactory answers so far.
everything has suddenly become crystal clear.
No. Nor is hot weather. 

The increase in temperature over the last century that is attributed to climate change is between 1 and 1.5 degrees. That isn’t enough to start fires. 

Thus fires are caused by hot weather. Just like snow is caused by cold weather.
Oh my. Obligatory as it applies to Rosenstein as well: 

[URL]
Pretty much, there's a reason a lot of Tories are annoyed they didn't win this.
So how did Mueller go from being ["a superb choice to be special counsel. His reputation is impeccable for honesty and integrity..."]([URL]) to suddenly being Joseph Stalin in Newts eyes??
She’s literally doing nothing.

Also she’s the second most powerful individual in government. She has enormous power. What are you even talking about?
He will get impeached, he most likely won’t get convicted. There is an abundance of evidence and many fact witnesses testified.
This is what boils me about that NYT op-ed. Those adults in the room averting disaster can all be fired and replaced. The only way to truly safeguard the country is to remove Trump.

The only reason Trump is still in power is the deafening silence from Republicans who know better.
So, the Lebanese Army seem good for policing artifacts; I wish they weren't hobbled by all the faction's pouring resources into their own fiefdom armies instead. Imagine what LAF could do for Lebanon then.
 Remember, Corbyn is the only thing keeping May in power.

Scalding hot take, right here.
That's a good point, but the 401k should last for decades taking the minimum required distributions. The markets rebounded in like 2 years. It shouldn't have depleted your 401k *that* badly.
Because half of the movies they pick suck balls. What happened to shit like Titanic or Braveheart? You know movies still worth watching on a rainy day.
Shut the fuck up you dumb ugly whore
That's the point, though. Farage is making demands he knows Boris can't agree to in order to ensure an alliance is impossible.

Anybody who thinks Farage actually _wants_ to leave the EU isn't paying attention.
He might have gotten a bit tipsy and targeted the wrong one?
Fuck ‘Em. Tyrants don’t deserve any special treatment.
I could be wrong, but reading the ingredient list for the impossible burger seems like it’s just a vegetarian version of pink slime.
In college and University, young people are taught about the horrific possible effects of leaving the EU.

Who's teaching students that leaving the E.U would be horrific?
But the engineer can’t do his job if his office isn’t clean.
Excellent. We need to Chanel this energy in a positive way
Very irresponsible to leave your child with a woman they’ve never met before and has no previous experience with children except for starving them and making there young  lives a misery.
 actually pretty useful in practice

Yes, it makes people who couldn't reason their way out of a wet paper bag feel good about themselves.
That's my opinion, and pretty rude to say it's terribly wrong. Millions of Americans agree with me that she's been a good senator. Why don't you think she belongs in the Senate?
I heard there is a death panel snuck in there and free healthcare for illegal immigrants! /s
Skinny repeal was not just the mandate, but a large chunk of the Medicaid expansion. 
funny story, I saw a news story headline that the USA was using nuclear bombs in the middle east, turns out they were talking about depleted uranium AP shells

I guess it might not count because it is a youtube video

[URL]
wet dream residue
Unhappy with the selling of the Greek ports to China, especially Piraeus.
Exactly. 

And the people that are part of any religion have, for the most part, not chosen that religion as well. They've inherited it or their community is soaked with religion and they feel intimidated to opt into the religion to not be left outside of the community.
And there is going to have to be some very large one time taxes on massive wealth based on the enormous avoidance of taxes in the past. Either through just taxing it or by aggressively pursuing former tax cheats.
even though he'd never say it out loud

Don't sell the man short. Saying the quiet part out loud is pretty much his only marketable skill.
50% if MPs is enough to just scrap/amend the fixed term parliament act. Its a damp squib really...
The polls generally reach out to the entire US population, and since there's about 250 million adults in the US, the chance of getting polled is super low.

Assuming each poll questions about 1000 people, the odds is 1000/250 million or .0004%. The chance of not getting polled is 99.9996%.
You always vote for someone who lies. Sanders is not some perfect saint. 

You really can only hope to vote for someone who lies less often and less egregiously. Sanders certainly fits *that* description, but he's not spotless. 
I'm from a different massive northern country. The tricky thing about being a low elevation country with lots of permafrost and big cities on rivers is flooding. Lots and lots of flooding.
 warm inside

Welcome to South America, where 10C is "cold" and no one has heating so 10C outside means 15C inside
The entire "Trump is worried and scared" news blast is so old and stupid. He isn't scared or worried, he is annoyed. Huge difference. You would be too if you were trying to get people to focus on important issues and they kept worrying about imaginary issues.
 Impoundment Act of 1974

Funny how it all ties back to Nixon.
LOL.  Weeds don't give a shit about human economic concerns - it's called a *weed* for a reason.  It's going to be grown everywhere in people's gardens.

The only reason destitute people "can't afford it" is the "opportunity cost" of time spent high.
Why wouldn't you wait as long as possible to see if someone digs themselves further into a hole?
If it uses market interventions to regulate housing availability, it's neoliberal. And if it pushes all the problems on to the backs of the poor while wealthy property owners reap all the benefits, then it's the bad kind of neoliberal.
Most republican voters I've met don't hate natives. A lot of them see them as an example of what happens when you get big government. Now, republican officials, they fucking hate native Americans.
What a stupid fucking question. Also OP it says video unavailable. 
Capitalism loves climate change.  Rents can be higher when resources are more scarce.
Trump had an equally passionate reaction towards his golf pants when they stopped fitting over his gigantic ass. 
Exactly right.

Democrats would do well to make that as pointless as possible.
This is actually brilliant. People will click on anything that domain publishes and think they're about to see Trump propaganda, then get hit with a face full of anti-trump facts. Full credit to Steyer's campaign for taking advantage!
Why would that make him attractive for you?
Just remember: try to be white if you get a Q-Anon Judge!
They’re obsessed with race. Say it loud, say it often.
$25k for a mediocre bike without fuel injection, still millennials fault for buying superior Yamaha 
I am wary of any policies that are easier to implement divide/isolate/conquer/rule tactics plus larger movements are more inclusive where we see each other as one community.
 UK service companies will, by and large, be banned from the EU single market (i.e. lose all their EU customers)

Mindblowing that anyone volunteers for this.

[URL] I need to speed up my efforts to learn French
Gettin' real sick of this shit.

Same.
I think it’s kind of sad how people consider going oxford as part of being elite.

As someone who goes to Cambridge from studying hard and getting excellent grades, I came from a modest background and I certainly would not consider myself part of the elite.
And all three have the charisma of a damp rag.
I know I know. I do think it's silly to feel guilty for liking something - and furthermore it's an insult to things I certainly believe are worthy of respect.

But still.... it's a hard impulse to shake.
I mean, in a just society she would still be a bartender if she so desired, and free healthcare, environmentalism and many things she stands for would be guaranteed.
Hot take: If you think Klobuchar's character matters more than her policy proposals, consistency requires you also think Dubya's character matters more than what he did, and therefore that Dubya was good.

Scalding take: And there's nothing wrong with the above.
Agreed.  Melania is stunningly gorgeous with dark hair, wow.
Bash republicans, must love all democrats

Impeccable logic sir. 
You can't talk about indig people anywhere without nasty comments popping up. I don't know why it happens to us in *every* single thread. I try to scroll past so I don't get angry.
Right? I’m so tired of people asking oh why is the president doing bad things? Because his business practices were literally scamming people you fucking ding dong.
Yup

We're only human, our thinking will always be restricted by our immediate context. Jesus was hungry and cursed a tree for not providing him fruit.
 substantial development loans for large construction and engineering projects that would primarily help the richest families and local elites

Very honestly.

How in the world is anyone meant to help a country's poor, if the elites refuse to do it themselves?
Perhaps, but you have to admit that there are a lot of moderate Democrats who wouldn't really support the ideology of Bernie. It's just that these people tend to be quiet since it's not really newsworthy to support the status-quo
You're saying the quiet part out loud!  
-Roger Ailes from Hell
The deep fakes stuff she had been pushed, and seems so out of context. I am expecting a huge video of Obama confessing to a horrific crime, and the MSM will scream, "Deep fake! We told you it existed!"
Ive never seen a provisional ballot before, so i was simply surprised to see the wording used. Taking ones surprise at the wording of a provisional ballot and claiming it as relevant to their understanding of history screams of someone who ate piss soaked cornflakes for [URL] pick a fight somewhere warranted.

edit- words


Given we know the police will arrest any old fucker in these situations they should not be allowed to have pictures plastered all over the press.
Shitty meme gun gets plastered with shitty memes. I don't know why people got so up in arms about a sub-$500 Pinoy blaster.
Hey man thats AuthRight we arent terrified of black people
It's a messy, ugly world. Right-wing idiots exist in it. Just down-vote and make fun of them. I'm more embarassed by people who hyperventilate at the sight of them. Toughen up a little.
Fat boy says what?
Given that the voter base for the Tories has a large working-class segment, he is calling them "vermin". Given that Labour is supposedly a party for the working-class, I wonder what his "hero" would make of his comment?
So he is blackmailing the president by threatening the president's political rival?

How fucking drunk was he when he came up with this bullet proof plan? Two or three bottles of wine?

If you got something, release it. But you got nothing.
Noticed how people without a proper argument resort to insults.

Hilarious.
On a slightly related note - PIIGS, what a wonderful acronym used by English speakers. Those countries would be delighted to make great deals with the UK after Brexit, if they were not part of the evil EU, of course.
The article answers your question. Most everybody would be happy with kicking the Tories out, but only very few want a far left government. Especially if, as experts predict, the socialist experiment will fail.
Low effort trolling, at that.
There's no way he's going to be convicted in the Senate. It just won't happen.

The point isn't to actually remove him from office. The point is to show that the government is broken by attempting to do this by the books.
how about instead of being overly PC we just be real people and roast back as hard as they do us it probably has a large amount of to do with why they have no respect for us. they aren't low-iq they just worship strength and any appearance of weakness just makes them disrespect us more.
Twitter's Policy Lead [tweeted]([URL]) that they were going to do exactly that the day they announced the ad policy changes and everyone still applauded them for being stunning and brave.

It's almost like pleading for corporations to decide what information you're allowed to see is a bad idea.
No I didn't. I said I couldn't be certain what sort of deal he'd try to work out. His Brexit policy is to craft a new deal and then put it to the public about whether to implement it. Crystal clear.
The two dudes look like they're brain damaged.
Lol, wow what a transparent attempt to change the subject. You were talking about Shokin and Hunter Biden...

How the Ukrainian president "felt" is irrelevant. What legally matters is what Trump did.
Does the title mean they were stopped for smelling weed or they were stopped for something unrelated and smelt weed which then warranted the search? There’s no way I could ever see somebody who’s driving with their windows up being pulled over for smelling like weed I mean that’s just impossible.
I don't even see a ripple yet.  I'm tired of the tick tock bullshit.  GEOTUS needs to unleash a scorched earth offensive.  I won't be happy until I see these assholes perp walked.
It’s funny how Scotland wants freedom from the UK to become slaves to the EU
the people don't want him there, the polls are biased and the nation's people are starving

your whataboutism has no effect here, the stability of the region is affected by venezuela's failure
What is the noise you hear in that video? Is it inaudible to you? Or are you just unclear about what the noise is? Does it sound like "just gasping" and not laughter? I'm still trying to understand, even if you have stopped
In a way, he made the whole event that much more memorable. He made a real spectacle out of it.
He looks like a chubby tween that just discovered make up. 
No, moving Gove's victory stash ready for the big day.
Publish or perish. Gotta have that unsolvable problem to keep the funding.  

The sky is falling! The sky is falling! *Hops on jet. Grabs climate change award. Hops back on jet.* 
I for one, support our new yellow dress wearing patriarchal overlords. /s

Dude, this is getting to be pathetic.

If everything is identity politics, then nothing is. You're playing a silly game of "dissolve the distinction", and nobody is buying it.
Oh no the living conditions are horrific, have you ever slept on concrete?(never doing that again)

There however were no documented human rights abuses against these children under the Obama administration, compared to the Trump administration where there are... A few.
Future generations will condemn us as the most selfish assholes that ever existed. In the span of three generations we polluted the air, depleted ocean fish stocks, killed millions in wars, killed thousands in schools, theatres, churches. We destroyed everything 
All the money is going to a handful at the top and the rest of us are fucking broke and destitute. "Buy more shit!" With what?
A lot of people would rather suffer more, as long as it means the rich getting soaked even harder.  They've been selling the smaller pie divided differently since LBJ -- and they have takers.
How can you ever compare Willy to Hitler? Willy was a man of peace, he never wanted war and tried to stop it. Hitler on the other side started the most horrific war of our times and murfered millons of innocence people.
I can only hope a full NSA tac team of hot masc tops raids my apartment and *punishes* me for my crimes ;););)
ICE didnt make her walk across a desert without adequate rest, food, or water.... her parents did that and Soros esque funds empowered them.

I had to block that subreddit from my reddit feed. I got sick of the ridiculous Bernie support articles from the same 3 sources and the bashing of all other democratic candidates.
I don't see why angry keyboard warriors are a less complex hypothesis than Russian shills (and trolls). For the latter there is evidence, for the former there is not.
This. Yet I’ve heard pro-choice people call these centers that provide these services “horrific” and “anti-woman” and “filled with propaganda.” As though Planned Parenthood somehow is not all of those things....
Mainstream media burying this, HARD.
this was my reaction. next week she gets her own show on CNN called Islamaprobe - getting the skinny on the Muslim invasion. 
[URL] down.. I never said that those two presidents uttered the words themselves. Some conspiracy theorists and right wing/left wing fringe media were saying it. Jesus.....
Tfw I want to be trad but I can't be too trad without being too submissive to even say what I'm thinking (if I'm allowed to think)
This is where common sense comes in. What he says and what he does are two very different things. He always viewed Paul Ryan as a spineless child who reluctantly bent the knee, so nobody can say Paul Ryan talked Donald Trump into doing anything.
It's not the guy in the White House that's the problem. It's the party that blindly supports him, and the voters who swallow his bullshit. Something in our country is broken.
I've said it before and I'll say it again:  
  
Democrats are too damn cheap *and* degenerate to attract real IT talent to work for them.
Why didn't Trump testify? If he's innocent, he could have set the matter straight and humiliated the Democrats. He could have allowed white house staff to testify and clear his name. The abundance of exonerating evidence would have made the Democrats a laughingstock for a generation.  

Why didn't this happen?
People: “Gene editing is repugnant!”
Parent: “I don’t want my child to have a horrible genetic disease.”
People: (folds like a cheap suit.)

And so the Overton Window shifts.
I'm getting real annoyed at having to explain to people that 1. Sesame Street will still air on PBS and 2. Kids dont care about watching first run episodes of sesame street nor was it meant to have continuity.
Got my shirt, window sign, and bumper sticker today.  The shirt fits slightly snug.  I wear a medium and I have a muscular build at 5' 6'' 165.  I think you would be fine with a large.
"This is not fair"

Republican's entire defense - not that Trump's actions were ok, but that Democrats calling him out are big fat meanie heads.
I'm skinny and drink Diet Coke. 
Sometimes I like pressing reddit's 'random sub' button as it leads me to discover communities centered around such beautiful topics as White Rights or taking screenshots of a certain twitch streamer's ass. 

lovely
I’m sorry, I can’t have an adult conversation with someone who uses ‘ur’ over real words. As far as ‘my’ candidates, I’d rather have a Capybara as President than this revolting, bent shitcan,
“In the beginning of a change the patriot is a scarce man, and brave, and hated and scorned. When his cause succeeds, the timid join him, for then it costs nothing to be a patriot.” Mark Twain.
Hollyweird has been infested with woke SJW idjits who couldn't pen their way out of a wet paper bag to come up with non woke BS. 

Who else has had to relearn how to watch TV and movies to ignore the sjw woke crap?
As far as Saudi Arabia, Pelosi nonchalantly said he told her "they're paying for it". He said this at that recent meeting. She mentioned it in the conference following, but didn't elaborate. It comes off sounding like more dirty dealing on his part, to me.
over one million innocent Iraqis killed, and depleted uranium left behind to kill for years to come.
After reading [this article]([URL]) I’m a tad petrified as to how much control Russia has in 2020.
Honestly it makes sense that whoever the Leader Of The Opposition is should be the first person considered. The sane outcome right now would be for Corbyn to do a Swinson and name someone generally palatable but politically dead like Ken Clarke or whoever. Honour satisfied on all sides. Not going to happen though.
I agree that the lack of data on gun violence is horrific and irresponsible.  But something tells me you won't agree on why its happening.  Lets be clear on where to start pointing the finger, [Fuck the NRA]([URL]).
You can’t just ignore what the lost says, and then use their nonexistent support of the US as a reason on how China isn’t bad. I’m not saying China is or isn’t bad, I’m just saying that your argument dosent really make sense.
Right - to be clear, I doubt it'd get through the state legislatures, who are more tactically minded than the gneral electorate. I'd be delighted to be surprised though.
The rare occasion he speaks “truth” is to get people to support him. Shortly after he contradicts his actions.
Damnit who can i trust? Washington was a shitbag, mao was a shitbag, Churchill was a shitbag, my last 6 or so prime ministers as an Australian were collectively shitbags. I feel like [URL] semi anarchy farming communities are looking more tasty every minute.
Republicans in the House, Senate and the WH have done nothing to stop Russia. Republicans are accomplices to the Russian hackers and trolls, Republican silence and inaction is deafening.
You’re clearly ignorant to the growing “legalize sexy Pokémon” movement.

Too long have we been persecuted for making a picture of Jigglypuff with gigantic breasts. 

WE FIGHT FOR LIBERTY.
Yeah I’ll see what my dataset looks like after 13 Dec and make that decision, I’m really looking for indicative examples more than anything else, and my priority is video media so it may not be perfect
Sounds like Kaine is snug as a bug with Big Pharma as well.

JUST what America needs!  
Downvoting you for being an assholes is not the same thing as being unkind.

In other words, "kindness" does not require avoiding or ignoring the truth.
But to say you wouldnt rape someone doesnt mean you would if they were attractive though? This is completely clutching at straws.
Except Texas is actually allowed to do that if they wanted to. Personally I think they should, doing what Beto did and hitting every county takes an absurd amount of time. LBJ was doing it in a helicopter when he ran in 1948 but people can't afford that unless they're backed by big oil
As much as I personally dislike Common Dreams due to their high bias, [at least they're good on factual reporting]([URL]). Breitbart [can't even get the basics right.]([URL])
Sick of hearing the tick tock bs... 

Meanwhile Flynn just got denied Brady material request and his sentencing date was just scheduled.

Maybe sidney should focus more on helping flynn than making predictions on Twitter
I’ve always really liked the idea of communities adding WiFi to every street light.  Strong, fast WiFi.  This monopoly that’s been afforded to ISPs is criminal.
 Where am I strawmanning him? I don't see it.

 Harris eagerly supports torture. He is a torture fanboy! I wouldn't be surprised if Harris would be personally open to torturing terror suspects himself.
i to am thankful for finding /r/Sino a while back. 

I look at it as a warm place full of comrades and like minded people who like myself and others have broke through the western veil of propaganda and slander and are seeking the truth &lt;3
And in recent news, water just might be wet.
Of course. Billionaires become trillionaires by raping the social safety net, and a large part of the population that were poor become destitute. 

&#x200B;

Hooray for the GOP. Doing right by their donors. And ONLY their donors.
What a ignorant lowlife.

The trail of tears is one of the most horrific and chilling events in native history, and this clown thinks its witty.

Maybe Liz should start calling him Don "Vito" Trump. 
Has anyone asked the vegans if eggs are chickens?  Turn them against each other. Also as a non vegan yes eggs are chickens, and they are both delicious 👍
If he didn't endorse her he wouldn't have the support this time around. He didn't sabotage himself, and he made a smart political play. Don's been burning down the country everyday to keep the billionaires warm though, so he's got that going for him.
I grew up Catholic and other sects generally didn't come up. When they did the language and attitude seemed to view them somewhere around sheep who had wandered from the flock or wayward teenagers who had runaway from home. Think Jesse Pinkman's parents from Bbreaking Bad before they cut him off.
Lions that have females hunt didn't go extinct to be replaced by a group only risking the males. How come?
Democratic-Republicans are also the reason we had slavery so its not nearly that cut and dry man.

Also literally none of them would have supported communism. They were not leftists.

They were, however, liberals.
It's easy to picture him as much more warm and fuzzy now that we're in as deep as we are.
I'm from a warm climate, so the adjustment to MN would be way worse for me. I think I'd like living in a place like Huntsville though.
Yeah I mean it’s a silly moment but that’s a running cadence so it is kind of out of place to just yell it lol.

Edit:  it I do encourage you to tailor that to the campaign. That would be great
It really doesn't matter if it formally repealing it as long as it *effective* repeals it by making it non-functional.

It is like taking all the gas out of your car... it still technically "runs", but it has no way to do so.
So much wining.  Aren't you just sick of all this wining?
The infrastructure would be owned by the newly nationalised body. It would be nigh-on impossible to compete.
The fact is that for the majority of people in UK their wealth is tied up in their property

Which is absolutely ridiculous and damages the economy.
The only reason this subreddit has gifting Gold still enabled is that the Admins would take it over from the mods if they made it unavailable.
Little known fact, Clinton only got impeached cause he got caught riding a chubby gal. 
All good, it’s a complicated issue from 15 years ago, the sources aren’t exactly crystal  clear.
Robert Putnam.

Are you aware that Putnam thinks his work has been largely twisted to argue against diversity, even though he personally believes,  “extensive research and experience confirm the substantial benefits of diversity, including racial and ethnic diversity, to our society?” 

 [[URL]]([URL])
I'll hold your door slightly ajar just to be on the safe side. 
On the other hand, I don't think anybody could interview Miller without looking relatively intelligent and professional in comparison. The guy is a walking punching bag.
Im actually quite certain that they take their talking points based off liberal sarcastic commentary. It's really all our fault if you think about it.
Next up to testify: [The Dude explains New Shit Has Come to Light]([URL])
When it says attended, it means he was there fucking off and picking on smaller weaker kids, which his father had clean up the messes from. To think he actually learned anything gives him far to much credit.
Same. I’m stuck in the cynical, “angry old man” phase as I like to call it.
Yeah, raging bitch is quite tasty as well. 
There is at least some light left in the world haha
Nunes and Fat Bastard sitting behind him are a disgrace to all that is decent.
Your logic is impeccable. But on a purely utilitarian basis, YOU are using up vastly more of the world's scarce resources than your average starving African. Doesn't it follow that the logical thing to do is to first force people like you to starve?

Edit: a word
I'm sure the Chinese government will take notice and reduce their gigantic carbon footprint now that London's transportation system has been disrupted.
I am extremely scared now of people staying home on Election Day.
At least the deer are useful as a food source. I doubt even starving cats would touch that kid.
This is a mock indictment, based only on public evidence, [endorsed by George Conway]([URL]):

This is excellent, and right on the money. And once he’s removed from office, it would take very little editing to add defendant @realDonaldTrump.
So you corrected something completely irrelevant to what was being discussed, in a smug condescending way... and wonder why I think it was snug and condescending...

&nbsp;

OK... cool story.
People were discussing anarchism in ancient Greece...
The last 24 hours have been practically scalding.
Cool damp weather would make his bone spurs hurt too much to honor all the fallen heroes who died protecting the world from tyranny. The same tyranny he is starting to spread again. 
Trump has a tight circle, when yo see it from top down.

But if view it from the side, it’s actally a sieve.
Yeah and nothing has really happened between them. Nukes are both the best and worst thing to happen to humanity. They have saved millions of lives by making war so horrific we haven’t tried it on a global scale since ‘45.
Innocent until proven guilty. Between all the witnesses that fell apart under scrutiny, the Ukrainian president disputing everything, and the fact they've pivoted every other day on their accusations, I'm going to guess there's nothing there, yet again. He's not the perfect president but this is getting ridiculous.
Maybe be but every single democratic posts are made by a small group of people who just post a bunch
Agree so much.  That's the best way to get clean energy.  Incentive.  Not to mention more Nuke is a good thing in basically every way.
 Next you're going to suggest they diffuse, get absorbed into vapor like shower mist and soak into rugs or who knows what enlightened revelations I cannot bear!!

If it was absorbed into your rugs and stayed there, your rugs would end up soaked with liquid CFC's you ignoramus.
Jane Sanders has worked on her husband's campaigns and in his office, both in an official capacity. Wouldn't it be ridiculous to ask her husband to resign?
Republicans supporting a Republican.  That's a pretty stunning analysis.  Who knew?  They never ever write these bullshit stories about people that vote for democrats.
Uh suppressors turn the black scaries into inaudible automatic assault assassin's and the founding farthers only wanted the army to have guns please disarm yourself and prostrate yourself in the street for my ideals. /s
Calm down, its just Libs being confused, since they're 9/10 who Fox refers to when they say "The Left". Although I will admit I haven't seen anyone try to change thanksgiving, even on dumbass platforms like twitter and reddit.
It's the same way here in Baltimore.  But the minute it gets warm you have [people shooting up cookouts.]([URL])
Sure, North Korea could pretty realistically be labeled as one big prison.

You're right it would be more meaningful to compare our stats with other developed western nations.
Coming in a little hot there man. Respect.
I think the freezing part is a bit confusing, I can get hypothermia, but not freezing. 
She's just so unflappable, I love it 
I mean, not that I liked Trump before, but I find hearing about him eating his steak well done most unsettling. 
  I think it's a fairly transparent hypocrisy

This piece was in 2004. Hypocrisy is specifically having two mutually exclusive beliefs at the same time. People can change their opinion on these things. Its the claim behind a second ref after all.
Link us to where he's claimed that?

Leith upsets the rebel fanclub because of his mannerisms, but no one can dispute his impeccable sources. He has rarely sourced anything wrong.

He & Elijah are far more reliable than SOHR, Malcomite, & other rebel counterparts.
We’re not so different from plants, Anna. Put us in shitty depleted soil and we will wither up and crumple. But plant us in healthy soil and give us room, and we will thrive.

r/im14andthisisdeep

The whole thing was pablum.  
Not only did they spy on opposing political party but they deceived our courts and the public.  They opened special counsel on information they knew to be false.  They also denied it was happening after Nunes memo on fisa abuse.  Adam Schiff, James comey, john brennan, Hillary and Obama are all traitors!
Is that why we are screaming inaudible outbursts at a SCOTUS hearing? 
Trump wants all Americans to thrive!

DNC demands the world to invade and suck us dry!
So we should ignore our problems. Hey who cares if you're hungry, kids in Africa are starving. Great fucking argument.
But you're just a parched fruit...
Does she ever stop bitching? 

What a miserable life
She is stunning!  
Gang tats unavailable?
 have a fairly spotless record on equality of men/women 

Not sure about that. Seems to have a fairly paternalistic view of the world to be honest. Women only trains and women should stay at home with the kids springs to mind. 
Exactly. The number of laws that protect people from essentially themselves is ridiculous.
[URL]

They got plenty done, the increase in the lower earnings tax threshold is pretty impressive to be honest.
In other words, "Boo hoo, wah wah, my delusion of being so awesome is shattered yet again by the cold streets of REALITY."
Could you unpack that statement for me? Because I was under the impression that many thousands of people were indeed very poor, and many going without even basics like food or shelter.

I’d genuinely like to understand your definition of poverty.
Yes you can technically post articles about previously heavily discussed polls and hope people don't read past the headline. Doesn't violate the rules. It is Reddit so that hope is pretty reasonable.
Well, those Palestinian flags really annoyed some people. She may be a ruthless professional, but she’s nobody’s stooge.
If sessions is removed then in order to get a new pick, it has to be confirmed.... and that is a process in and of itself; they want to slow walk and sessions was the key piece against the swamp and it turns out jeff COULD be the swamp. Very sleepy!
"Look, fat...I don't need you and Cornpop playing with my leg hairs!"
I think of skinny white dudes.
Its going to be funny when she becomes huge spirit at the rate she is fattening up from all this "no school and traveling the world on a yacht" thing. 

Michael Moore 2.0
It's got really slow swollen wubs that are deeply unsettling as compared to its contemporaries.
He's descended from some two-bit barbarian aristocrats from a piece of shit island drifting in the middle of the North Sea and thinks that makes him hot shit, or something.
*You're* scared, you Kraut ratfuck? Imagine how petrified the people must be who suffered the result of your poisonous ideologies the first time around!
It's not a throne. Sitting in a building doesn't give you authority. Secret service will escort his obese, weak ass out once he's trespassing
8 years is far low. These guys aren't gonna rehab in prison and are only going to be more hardened when they come out.
😭cold damp year round.  Russia trolls so close as well 
grinch's tweet for reference

Robert Mueller is superb choice to be special counsel. His reputation is impeccable for honesty and integrity. Media should now calm down

[URL]
Nasty skanks.
It's like those cables from Wikileaks that said that Guantanamo was basically unsolvable were actually true!
“Europe is more liberal than you filthy Americans!”

Just going into the comment sections of /r/Europe proves that wrong
Good point, didn't think about that. Beats me 🤷🏻‍♂️

If they're saying harm was caused, then it would be very difficult to connect those dots to a logical skeptical person or judge... At least, that's how I see it.
If a Christian church was actively recruiting terrorists or KKK members, then knowing that they were engaging in those activities would comfort me a bit, yes. It still doesn't ever make it ok and I don't condone it at all. It just makes the tragedy slightly less horrific for me. 
It's not that they're centrist, it's that they're politicians. And that budget is for the maintenance of our military and foreign policy, I'm cool with it.
Could Beto PLEASE do a televised town hall all in Spanish? (Telemundo? Univision?)
Perhaps in Puerto Rico?
It would make an UNFORGETTABLE impression on the world.
 What's funny if 'Evangelicals' were actually evangelical, they would be sharing the message by actually showing compassion and wanting to help those less fortunate.

i don't know man. they're emulating their narcissistic, insecure deity pretty welll
What is the best natural remedy for hunger? Getting real tired of the chemical cr*p all grocery stores are peddling.
She looks like an evil (developmentally challenged person). Very unsettling.
Oh snap! Guess you can all go suck a lemon! Conservative majority for the rest of our lives. Delighted.
 The point he was making is that California isn't doing enough to manage their forests. 

Completely ignoring your insane idea to drive "enormous vehicles" through dense forests, Cal only manages 2% of it's forests. The rest is split between the feds and private owners.
No problem mr uk. Perhaps you should have looked at the prices before demanding items from the menu. Perhaps you should try the next closest large market and see if mr trumps prices are any more palatable. There is a lube shop next door but i doubt youll be able to use it.
This is already downvoted but the Barbados ambassador one is nice and snug 
Unfortunately, I am experiencing similar like messages from the other candidates campaigns. I am not dedicated to any one candidate as of yet, but it is disappointing to see other candidates not having adequate support staff as it doesn't reflect well on their administrative abilities.
Fact Check: Bernie is a billionaire, too. Fact Check: MOst of the people who run for office are filthy rich. 

Yawn.
Yup! It’s rare, but men can get breast cancer and can even lactate.
That's hilarious. She believes she's powerful. This pic of her looks touched up to make her look less hideous and more western!
The price of the lock is $15 including the steel cable+padlock.

The padlock is rakable and shimmable. but teenagers with rocks can't open it. Though teenagers with a can can.
Happy day to you too! :)
Downvoted for the baseless assumption.

If a bill, say something on magazine size, were to come up in the House, be debated, and ultimately voted down, that would be a satisfactory outcome for me. What is the House doing instead? Voting on abortion for the umpteenth time?
Might have been transparent.  *Hey, Pete, good to talk to you.  Anywho, we're doing a hit piece that'll be relevant for 45 minutes, mind sharing a quote we can chop out of context?  Thanks, you're a peach.*
Skilled people are the greatest threat to America !!

Look at the history. It is the unskilled people who have made America great. 


/s in case some of you are drunk or sleepy.
BooHooHoo, Your Annoyance is greatly appreciated /s keep getting annoyed /s they are so helpful /s
His best course of action would have been to stay quiet.

Instead he comes back with a 12-year-old kid's response of "hehe that's the most clever thing you said."
It only takes 4 justices to agree to hear a case, so its possible they could hear it even if Roberts votes not to.
Honestly the bar for impeachment should be lower, not higher. Why would we want presidents that are extremely difficult to hold accountable?
Can't speak for the beer, but the Hudson Valley area is gorgeous. The Catskills are really something
I swear he’s an actual mod on Libertarian subs for some fucking reason, despite being a filthy statist.
#Disgusting Fat Goblin
Yea same. Tonight's twists were so wild lol. I just realized (spoiler) - !Calhattan was probably how Angela survived the White Night. That scene ended with a S7 guy aiming a gun at her & it's never been mentioned!&lt;
As a demographic group, they are huge. It's really unsettling the views they have. It won't be long until they are actually in control of this place.
I [URL] lilly white woman running around talking about she's part Native American was crazy and him hanging that nick name on her is [URL] like little Rocketman Crooked Hillary and so on.

Both things can be true.

Calm down.
Oh no, that picture made me think of his O face. I have to go take a scalding shower now.
Maybe their crystal ball was faulty.
Oh definitely, and I'd be thrilled if he did win the Presidency.  But yes we need a Senate majority, and preferably majorities in both Houses or it will just be four years of non-functional government.
This is the most hyperbolic shitpost for oppertunism I've ever seen. Mothers are freezing to death because someone on reddit thinks that racism is bad and that you don't need to be an academic to get that?
Marines very much so. Army mediocre. Navy and USAF are much less so. And officers are far less likely to be favorable to Trump that enlisted.

**Edit**: [Here's the link]([URL])
If this bitch is unhappy, then I'm happy! We need to defend gun rights more than ever.
Good food stamps are abused like crazy we should modify the program to act more like WIC in which they are allowed to pick from select foods to get their caloric intake
The conflict brewing between the right that believes you should dog whistle and the alt-right that believes in loud and proud racism is funny as fuck.
And the fact is that these controlled opposition GOPe snakes are far more difficult to deal with than obstructionist Democrats.
Since land is scarce, perhaps we could allow people to share the cost by using less of it per home.
Nate petrified dinosaur shit
Bro, even if she stole the nomination, do you think it would have been a good idea to nominate someone whose opponent secured 80%+ of the black vote in a number of states?
Taking over private industries seems to require that level. Removing billions owed to banks because people can't afford the loans they intentional took out while stripping medical people of thier salaries seems to be a big reach for an 4 year elected official.
Isn't she a citizen? Do you think that the government should have the right to strip a citizen of their citizenship and expel them? Doesn't this create a horrific precedent?
Our barrels weigh at least the same or greater than 17 moving boxes. Not some tiny little bitch boxes, but like big ones, like real big. Yeah!
Forcing immigrants to work shitty jobs for shitty wages is unkind. Working hard is one thing, but working shit is another.
Yes, it means the law is not satisfactory. Don’t make the circular argument. 
Plus when you ask someone how GND or free college they say we’ll also pay for it with military cuts. You have to do math here. We can do something with that money, but not everything.
 Pete is being transparent about his bundlers, including disclosing who they are.

Just because we know who's holding the leash doesn't mean he's not a well trained good boye.
They do have rights. But us liberals need something to complain about obviously so let's keep quiet and keep spewing this bullshit!
It's almost comical at this point. The rich, out of touch, man child throwing alms to poor and destitute.  If his mother was around I think she would smack him upside the head and pull him by the ear to yell at him behind the curtain.
I'm so tired watching this, the question almost made zero sense to me and I had to go "huh? I don't understand what he's talking about"
This is a huge rabbit hole. Make sure when jump down it that you leave with actionable plans so you don't turn dark. Find and associate with people that are willing to face these truths... regardless of the black satanic visage that stares back at you.
Yup my biggest problem is with multi-generational wealth and ungodly wealth that accumulates to ultra wealth that’s what causes low mobility for people in our country and abroad too. The top is so damn heavy.
I'm sure he hates working for a small-dicked, obese, lard-guzzling Orange Fascist. That fat sack of shit probably hasn't been able to see his tiny dick in years. What a sad fucking existence. Being both fat and having small a dick? Talk about a worthless life.
Report you as a troll? 

Well if you say so organized account.

That’s pretty hilarious that you’re the one who linked to their alt account...
Even simpler rebuttal: "Everyone's taxes pays for our roads, are the rich not allowed to drive on the same roads as everyone else?"
You’re assuming clean energy is naturally cheaper than dirty energy. What if it isn’t?
Tree of Liberty is parched.
I never said it was. The socialists lost there, after all. Do you know nothing about [the socialists involved in the spanish civil war]([URL])?

No, you probably don't. You're hilarious, kid. Keep up the idiotic statements!
T_D will be quarantined until they are forced to shit or get off the pot, at which point it will be banned.  I'm certain the delay will be just in time for the 2020 election, but also late enough to prevent a reorganization of the base on another platform.
The impossible dream...
The bar when it comes to Fallujah is pretty low, the biggest ally of "rebels" in Syria the USofA had used depleted uranium in Fallujah, along with white phosphorous and cluster bombs.
Evidence of what's going to happen after Trump's terms are up - the GOP will fall right back to it's old ways. We need Trump brand candidates winning now before 2024.
She must have been petrified out of her gourd. Poor thing.
Welcome I’m glad you’re seeing the light
the beaches are beautiful and the sandy crags are absolutely PARCHED!
 Either that, or pull an Epstein.

Yeah but he has the secret service to stop anyone from suiciding him. Though if all of the secret service members happened to fall asleep at the same time....
Even when she was younger she was hideous. #woof
I want to know how Fox edits out the stuff when Trump does a live uninterrupted 1 hour presser on the WH lawn. Those dirty cheaters. How do they cover up those facts.
 wtf is it with these people?

That's a pretty long and still likely non-exhaustive list of what all is wrong with them, would you like it chronologically or alphabetized?

^^^^^*No ^^^^^actual ^^^^^list ^^^^^will ^^^^^be ^^^^^provided
Something great no doubt, since he was prolly a brilliant prosecutor. Or maybe giving time for the best speakers to finish writing statements. Did AOC go already?
Wow what timing, I hadn’t seen that! 

Still confident though for some reason. “Selective sample” and all. I’ve spoken to the locals here plenty whilst out and about  (and yeh it as a pretty grim place, my town) and I’m getting different views.


You're kind of begging the question on government and elected representatives acting in their own interests. Don't we live in a republic? We have representatives that we elect. It seems like the real issue is special interests and lobby groups bribing politicians to help the rich make more money.
Whilst I agree that  this is the right choice of action to take, the problem is that this is the opposite of what many of those people who do not participate want. They want special treatment, not equal treatment with adequate protection. 
Better steady that horse at the gate. I hear she’s a might tipsy.
Cool riffs, but the bands image = warped tour pedo core
She is stunning! Her skin is flawless!
Is there a City Skylines mod that makes people live as close to work as possible? It’s really frustrating having my urban planning undermined by citizens who want to spend 4 days commuting to work when I built affordable housing right across from it.
The age at which the average voter is more likely to vote Tory than labour is now in the 50s, and increasing.
I love it when he's on LBC. I listed to LBC for James O'Brien and Majiid. Sometimes, I forget to shut the radio off in the kitchen on Friday night so Nigel Farage's hideous voice will ruin everything when I get up to make coffee on the weekend. Rather gross.
Unsure basically, seems they scanned it OR fuckery, but more likely optical character recognition software got it wrong. Is that even possible in this day and age??? Or is it code, much talk about corn ready for to be cut.... The Harvest basically.
Realtalk though that's a gorgeous flower
Hes just doing whatever he wants.  Horrific precedent is now set if we dont impeach him.
Warren is half of a dual-income household and has an estimated net worth of barely over 10m, at 70 years old. She's not ultra-wealthy.
HALT. This handy acronym reminds us to take a moment (HALT) and ask ourselves if we are feeling Hungry, Angry, Lonely, or Tired. It seems simple enough, but when these basic needs are not met, we are susceptible to self-destructive behaviors
El Douche is more of a drunk than George Soros.
* corrupt, non-functional, ethically bankrupt political party
Pretty sure every voter across the aisle can agree on this one.
Or get attacked by stupid as fuck millennial leftists who never knew hardship under a republican president.


Who woulda guessed this generation would talk out of its ass?


Also, old as fuck washout hippies who are failures in their own respect: see that piece of petrified dog shit Jill Stein and her loonies
In Trump’s defense, which I never thought I’d be in, Trudeau has both a brown and a white face. That’s two faces.
Maybe try a different source then. You seem to have exhausted this one.
That's actually true at the South Pole right now, if only because warmer but still sub freezing temperatures allow for higher snowfall. 
She's been publically warm to and supportive of Modi.

[URL]

[URL]

Tulsi doesn't have to explicitly say she supports all the shit the BJP does for it to be readily apparent she supports the BJP.

Edit: reworded comment, added link.
As someone who got black out drunk on a consistent basis from 95 until a few years ago, I wish I would’ve stuck with just weed. I regret the financial and personal costs to this day. And no, I’ve never tried hard drugs.
She literally got 3 *million* more votes than Trump. This was 3 fucking years ago, do people not remember how the entire election went down? Trump is president because of the electoral college, not a "brilliant" campaign.
If Bernie was given half the coverage of Trump in 2016, we wouldn't have an angry yam in the White House currently.
I'm starting a "Free guns for chronically/terminally ill patients that lose coverage under the AHCA" program.

Let's just see how this plays out, shall we?
I was totally expecting this to link to the onion. I was delighted when I saw that it was the largest paper in his state, feeding the leader of the american taliban his own rancid dead ass on a plate. Praise jeebus.  Buh. Bye. 
Maybe him and Boofin Brett can read that old pocket constitution after some crackin some cold ones and rapin some warm ones.
If white people stopped going, they'd still call them racist, because "white people think they're too good to see a poc dance"
You are absolutely right. I keep forgetting I can't runaway from the planet, or shoot my way to not starving.
EXCELLENT!!!!!!
I believe it is biased, but please do point out what you specifically find intellectually biased and intellectually unremarkable here. I will gladly find your point reasonable if your evidence is satisfactory.
Thank you for bringing some real shit into a political sub on Reddit. A rare sight for these tires eyes. Cheers.
Ignoring that vaccines are given out in large scale for free and account for a minuscule amount of any pharma profits.  It's better for pharmaceutical companies if you DO get sick.  Get your anti-vax, uninformed argument the fuck out of here.
Must be unsettling for the Dems
Actually, I'm used to morons insulting my intelligence. I just preferred not revealing my grade level because it would add more fuel to the tiny ember.
Zuck should be more scared shitless of those who actually know how to use computers and take websites offline if he keeps pissing them off.
I pick "suffering." That's better than starving under commie-ism.
Nope, they just purposefully used the longer one that isn't as common. I usually just go with QUILTBAG because it covers everything and is a memorable acronym. Also could be used as a reference to the AIDS Memorial Quilt. 
Fun fact, it's named for a biblical character named Sam, and the other major branch of the Afro-Asiatic linguistic and people group are named the Hamites, after Sam's Brother Ham. 

Notable members of this group are the ancient Egyptians, as well as the Amazigh people of today.
Ah yes, I too get all my information from organizations founded during the Cold War to combat socialism.

[URL]

Morales won and was ousted by a military coup. Now the president is a racist who calls indigenous people satanic. Congrats, this is a real victory
we arent trying to be special in fact people like you make people not want to be pansexual and have them back away until they realize they are different and people like you are very hurtful.
Paula gets uppity and bans fun 

Fun is for filthy Protestants. 😤

This is a good, guilt-loving, fun-hating Catholic sub. 😤✝️😤✝️😤
Epic, Mexico helping MAGA. We should donate weapons like Obama did... Only this time to help thin out the numbers of Central American illegals instead of arm the cartels like Barry did.
Why would share buybacks not be as attractive an option for non-profits? I understand the lack of dividends would obviously be a downside, but if the company isn't allowed to keep shares of cash on hand you have to assume that they could potentially spend some of that on share buybacks, right?
a revolutionary and anti imperialist. white people should have no say in this thread. you colonizers, keep mugabe’s name out your filthy mouth. you got your way and now Zimbabwe is opening up all their mines to western companies. 
I'll just say good for her for taking the picture.  This should be the normal way to treat fellow Americans.  I'm not going to rag on her for it.
That's interesting, I just found it bewildering given that specific home but I guess it might not be representative of the county at large.  It occupies pretty much the same footage as my entire cul de sac!
Activists have to have "the next thing" to rail against otherwise their existence, to them, means nothing. Being equal and happy is somehow bad; they demand celebration of their degenerate lifestyles and require that others are unhappy.
How do you know she wasn’t a racist? Isn’t reaching out to the black community the first thing on your to-do list if you want black people to have more abortions?
Thanks for the bad faith take.
Well he did win due to voting restrictions and faulty machines.  I think we can all assume the faulty machines were the main reason since they illegally got rid of the voting data.
Good luck Mr. Farmer. 

Fuck Jim Jordan, seriously. 

It's like his only job the entire impeachment hearing was to try to irritate people enough to make them stop watching.
There’s plenty of places that are incredible depending on what you’re looking for!  If you get an opportunity to take a drive through wine country in Augusta, do it, it’s stunning too!
It is. . . .

The site is plastered with "talk to your doctor about . . ."

I don't see them advocating making life altering decisions without consulting your doctor.
Imagine the attack ads that AARP can run if they pass the skinny. "GOP senators just voted to throw 44 million people off insurance" etc



It was inaudible and many folks have tried to discern what he was saying so please don't state that like it's a fact because it is not. 
  
I get really upset when I see people in this domreddit being as bad as their leftist counterparts. We *need* to be better.
Cool white people are to blame then. That doesn’t mean anything at all if it also goes along with longer historical slavery and death and destruction.
What Sanders realizes is that Gates uses his resources to help 3rd world countries access clean water, sanitation and vaccination.  So he can tap into greed by suggesting he give it to Americans instead.

Calm down there cinderella, look how angry you're getting when someone points out a blatant bias

Your common and blatant troll tactics are boring to say the least. Yawn.
The many *many* straws the were broken bit by bit.

Just like Trump pushing boundaries each time.
Free creampies for your vote.
Considering his last client list involved environmental nonprofits, and healthcare groups, I think its more funny that people are still pearl clutching over a pretty industry standard NDA.
IMO the important thing is focusing on promoting an active lifestyle and a healthy diet instead of shaming overweight people. I'm skinny as a twig and I know overweight people who are in way better shape than I am.
Anyone else get annoyed how the media never refers to him as President Trump?
[URL] they'll stay plastered.
((trump hasn’t broken the law))
(C)NN is reporting that it was a scalding 70, there were people dropping left and right, and she had just got done opening an entire pantry full of jars of pickles
[Pouring one out for our fallen mods]([URL])

Edit: Better link.
Most credible because its run by "People" who are hungry for the truth.
I'm exhausted and I wanted to say something really stupid I'm sorry.
The fuck are you talking about? Everything we blame the boomers for was done by that trash generation. That trash generation is what fueled the cold war, rampant American nationalism, and help fund Islamic terrorism to defeat the reds. It's a generation that produced Reagan, Nixon, Thatcher, etc.
I can't hear the point you are making over the deafening volume of shrill and rancorous  self-righteousness in your post. 
Yep.

Off of the top of my head, a patient that is terminally ill could opt to commit suicide for various reasons. It would be logical to not draw out a battle that cannot be won.
let's be real: it's mostly men. 

and apparently it's been a topic of debate between incels whether women could even be incels

some communities just skew towards a certain demographic, for whatever reason that may be.
That’s because they basically have the status quo aligned in their favour already.


Until Brexit is cancelled, Brexit is happening, and that keeps the Brexiteers less unhappy than the Remainers.
Really? Have a stranger walk by and throw some scolding hot or freezing cold water on your Grandmother and tell me if you think it's extreme. 

Its the sentiment of keep your hands and fluids to yourself, you can not weaponize anything to intimidate people.
Their base has no problem with corruption and hypocrisy. Worst case maybe some would resign but those dark red districts would elect a literal letter R before any democrat, even if it was Jesus.
I’m LOVING this. 
I laughed out loud.
Acting like there was active herd management happening is ridiculous.  The pre European populations were too small to wipe out the large mammals that were still in existence on European arrival (except of course for the large mammals that they did wipe out)
I’ve been awake to it this whole time. Of course, I’m not a Feminist per se, so I was never really asleep to it.
 You are taking a tiny minority of Muslims worldwide--those who grow up in the U.S. or successfully manage to emigrate here--and using them to try to make a claim about Islam in general.

We're talking about the US. Read the context.
The average voter remembers 2008 very clearly and knows exactly who Lehman Brothers is. For fucks sake they were plastered on every news outlet for years.
Awesome! Unflappable, unsackable...! Quite how she remains on the national stage is indeed bizarre. Enjoyed it. Thank you!
What a nasty woman/thing
History will not be kind to marijuana [URL] than alcohol prohibition, so many lives damaged...
The only time an autocrat is acceptable is when it is full of delicious delicious coffee syrup. Fuck, do I love  New England with all my heart.
It isn't 

they can increase prices whenever they want 

Whether the UK is willing to pay is the question and the answer is pretty much always no
He's more machine now than man, twisted and evil.
Nice. Dehumanization and demonization. Way to feed the sick, twisted people who'll come shoot me for my political beliefs.
Uncle Joe said no more malarkey, mean old orange man. If you don't stop the malarkey you're gonna get a mean old finger wag
This is what happens when your only talent is being attractive and time takes it away from you
Yeah it's making me sleepy I think it's time to hit the hay right everyone?
And just think two of china's aircraft carriers are from russia.

so scared...
 I really don't see any logical reason besides murdering or showing off.

If they are only good for murder then why arent they used in more murders?

Just because you personally don't see a need doesn't mean they should be unavailable.
Rent a cheap storage locker off campus.
 must be Russian

Their logics, they are impeccable

Which is 15-25% given that I'm certain that by, "actually care about things" you mean, "are reliable voters". In other words, they won't turn out for Biden.
It is pretty much dead when they make the objectively less attractive races win
So was his decision impeccable or did he pick the wrong person?
Still stunning today. The most unamerican person in America became the fucking president.
And a snug hemp necktie 
I’ll post another update at 7. It’s early and cold, but there are more people here than that picture is showing.
Only selling Large Softdrinks is a conspiracy of fast food chains to trigger sugar addictions. 200 IQ
Hot potato!! Coming through!
How come I feel that no one cares and he wins again? :( 

Edit: added unhappy face
Odd that a call to do away with the ACA so soon after it fixed all of our health care problems is met with such deafening silence. I wonder if people actually believe a utopian society can coexist within a free society?  
Stupidity never goes extinct.
Someone recently posted about their bay-bee having broken the mother's rib because of how hard they kicked. I'd say with the chance of that happening (which is actually absolutely not as rare as people think) abortion can very well be classified as self-defence.
 How am I trash?

Because you don't have basic human empathy. You think this little baby losing both of it's parents to murder as funny? What a miserable piece of shit you are.
This is worth getting into arguments over on Thanksgiving.

This is worth losing friends over.

It’s okay to cast family separation supporters out into the cold.
I am so frustrated with the Democratic Party.  This is the 2nd time  (that we know of) that Trump has asked a foreign power for help against his political enemies. That’s impeccable in itself. The fact that he might have used financial aid as an extortion method is extra.
Nice. Dehumanization and demonization. Way to feed the sick, twisted people who'll come shoot me for my political beliefs.
Also, there was no Czech Republic and Slovak Republic until 1993, the country name was Czechoslovakia, how could have different values if it was one country? The rating itself is very questionable. I am certain they don't extract taxes/fixed living expenses etc.
I'm against military parades in general but the 100th anniversary parade is much more palatable, especially if there were already plans for it before Trumps McTantrum. 
Yikes. Trying so hard huh? Are you earnestly a libertarian or are you doing it ironically to play a character?
I have tried this a million times myself and I simply do not become tired when I'm staring at a screen that emits blue light. The night I changed my screen to red, I was fine
 That's a crystal clear violation of the emoluments clause of the constitution

It would be if you can prove he willingly accepted it, which you can't. If the democrats thought they had a clearcut case in that regard, they'd have used that to impeach him over.
I work at a restaurant and hell yeah, idk if this is inappropriate to say but I've always found bad tenders more attractive than servers for that fire they gotta have inside to deal with all the drunk assholes
July 6th 2016 she said she never sent or received classified info in her personal e-mail that’s one if you want more there’s a cool thing called google, but I warn you then tend to lean left pretty hard.
I'm sure there are also hundreds of Korean War veteran parents who are utterly delighted to have the remains back.

If they weren't pushing 90, that is.
“And Kek said to him, Taketh this pill and knoweth thy path to light, thy strength to fight, thy will and might”

The Will of Kek
Ch. 5 Verse 7
I gave you an upvote because your post reminds me of Walk Hard, where every famous character talks exactly like that and it’s always funny.
Still no challenge to the idea just a downvote and snarky comment. No different than TD downvoting and saying cuk or whatever idiotic crap they say.
No, it’s called ethical decisions based on the morality or lack thereof from the leaders of that state or self injurious votes of its citizenry. Alaska isn’t that unique, btw and there are plenty of better locations on the globe to experience besides Alaska.
The recent hot post on the sub is pretty vulgar, might want to check that out.
Chris Wallace is the gateway for undecided viewers. Start off watching a little Chris Wallace on the weekends and pretty soon youll be calling in sick to work to do lines of Tucker Carlson off a hooker's ass.
What if a woman's husband dies, what if she loses her job? What if she's terminally ill but not from the pregnancy? There are tons of legitimate factors that could cause a woman to have a late term abortion. 
And wasn't the door "ajar" ?
Lombardo also said it was a "miracle" that he only had 1 gunshot wound despite 200 rounds being fired through the door.  
Some people enjoy the peace and quiet, precious alone time.
My god, they're almost completely destitute!  So broke!  How do they even survive!
I was hoping someone else was gonna say this! Except Michael Scott don’t fuck around, he skips the packets and goes straight for the fucking tub of sugar and just keeps on pouring
”This is an incredibly small amount of CCWs so it doesn't matter. Also it doesn't matter how rare self defense gun uses are, they are super important because I like to daydream."
I have so many LGBT friends,  and I try to tell them that leftist anti gun policies leave them (and everyone) open to physical attack.  I wish they'd listen.
If I can't go down to 7/11 for a six pack of Bud light and a Glock am I really free though?
Holy [URL] looked at her twitter and the orange guy supporters are in full force screaming the same shit cause they got no dirt on her. Pathetic. Their demographics is also crystal clear. 
That thing needs a sledge hammer, holy shit. HIDEOUS. I would mind less if maybe these people weren't so shit at art.
I agree. He's not charming me with these "gosh golly goodness no I'm delighted to clarify" bullshit.
Apply cold water to the burnt area
Horrific.
No its just hilarious that looking at party lines the Republicans are mostly a group of rich entitled white boys while the other side is the rest of America
Don't forget when he went after Johnny "Concerned" McCain for getting captured, while he was a big draft dodging pussy with fake bone spurs in his chubby feet
Free trade is good and gun control is good.

Sincerely, a progressive.
 He is publicly declaring open season on dissent.
So when you have 15 minutes to eat do you sit down at a sit down restaurant since all fast food is bad. Chick fil a isn't as good as other places. But it's a whole lot better than McDonald's and Burger King.
AR stands for ass ripper and it shoots armor piercing incendiary heat seeking depleted uranium homing flechete slugs
 Well why don't they get as annoyed at Boris Johnsons incompetence, or Theresa May

I heard they both get more hate then abbot
Surprise, surprise, breaking your oath to the constitution seems so easy! But... HAPPY IMPEACHMENT DAY McConnell. Your guy stepped in it big time and all you are going to do now is try to lick his shoes clean. You got some on your chin there McConnell!!
Silence is deafening  
Sheesh, I thought fentanyl was bad. [URL]'s almost like frequently sticking a needle in your arm and injecting an unknown substance might be a bad idea.
My rep Trey Hollingsworth bought his seat and tries to be as least confrontational as possible. I call once every few weeks. Hes gone against everything Ive asked for so far
If by in the dark you mean, operated by a bipartisan committee in a manner that prevents witness intimidation or coordination, yes. There’s obvious reasons why investigations are done privately - to prevent tainting future trials. The trial will be public. There’s no substance to your argument.
Witness intimidation is about suppressing all other potential witnesses. “She what happened to this person who dared to speak against me? You better keep quiet!”

He knows that he has supports who will use violence against his perceived enemies. I would consider his actions witness intimidation and death threats.
[legally we're not allowed to call it meat so come on in a for a tasty brown treat]([URL])
literally. his brain is fucking damaged.
Well, they're not doing anything they promised not to.

They promised to stop testing. No need to test if you have a satisfactory design down pat.

Trump played his base on that one.
Especially drunk fratscist boys like Gaetz.
I’m not giving up in the search for facts but it’s getting kinda silly.  After this is over another smoking gun scenario will come out, and it will prove to be fruitless.  It’s all a farce to sell news paper to biased people.
Actually, since the poles are expected to warm more than the equator, it was predicted this would mean *less* extreme weather events due to a more homogeneous atmospheric temperature.
He's got a mic and amplification. Either way even if he was inaudible it's a better look than an empty podium to me at least.
Money is very tight for me, but I donated $3. I at least want to contribute to the number of first-day donators.
Hopefully by exhausted voters in 2018 and 2020.
Did he apologize for his treatment of OWS?

This and 'stop-and-frisk' should make it crystal clear what a nazi this fucker is.
Who's alternate account are you?

Fuck you too, you aren't worthy to clean my balls
Fair enough. Just curious since I've seen the guy's shop on YouTube a few times. Also he's a Class III NFA dealer if you were interested and didn't want to go the auction route. Has a pretty cool collection there, too.
 incredible rate

Yeah, no. 235k in February is [absolutely mediocre]([URL]) compared to the 2010s.
Seems about that [URL] of family members are now coming around and pretending they didn’t just call me a disease and plague on our country and didn’t tell other family members not to let their kids talk to me. Guess the cult is starting to get broken up.
The left: " You shouldn't call black people the N word" Chuds : " stupid libtards getting triggered" The phrase happy holidays exists, Chuds: shit themselves in anger and fear then start bawling
The POTUS should be above punching back, let alone casting blame on others without evidence. The guy can’t even keep quiet about having his 20 second cameo on Home Alone 2 edited out, and so he blames the friggin leader of the Canada for it.
America seems to be in love with Rich old white dudes.  
  
We need to get some more AOCs into politics.
This isn't really a rare sight here... a better thing to cover would have been the arrest of 3 HDP mayors 2 days ago
Is there? I feel like most options have been exhausted at this point and there's still an absurd number of colossal fucking idiots out there.
“Mr. Barr was also wary of departing from Justice Department practice not to disclose [derogatory details]([URL]) in closing an investigation.”
So damn, damn wet.
I honestly think fiscal policy like this will destabilize the economy. All my extra money is going into a rainy day fund. It is entirely probably that people will be several times worse off in a few years than they are better off now because of the tax cut.

He’s going to win again by a landslide despite the most coordinated schoolyard name calling campaign in human history. 

Stop talking about President Obama's 2012 victory, silly goose.
She must be starving in there- nothing of substance in there.
I hope the Stoneage Suited Stingy Turtle becomes extinct. 
We're not there yet, but that option does suddenly seem a lot more palatable to me today than it did yesterday.
I think you mean:

-Republicans, while ~~holding a can of gasoline behind their backs~~ pouring more gasoline on the fire.
On Twitter, sure, in real life no. A general electorate isn't sitting out because he's not as woke as Bernie on free college. That's silly.
He means to say "black" but that would make him sound [URL] he uses "far left" instead.

The thing is, he's right. It's an angry white backlash to minorities gaining equality...
A chokehold that damaged his windpipe and caused evidence in the other two organs?
In a country with thousands of lobbyists and billions being thrown around(to both parties) in campaigns, it's absolutely stunning that they think regulation ends up damaging corporations.
They said least - I would have thought Caroline was seen as quite attractive, mentally physically.
The gangs also target Muslim girls. It's just that Muslim girls are scared to tell their parents for fear they'll be "honour-killed".
The point of no return for climate change is in like 9-10 years and we're going to spend 5 of them fucking about and continuing to argue if fox hunting should be allowed. next time isn't good enough
Risk/reward was suddenly unbalanced following a certain spike (10\~15k) in Permie wages that happened since the brexit vote.
“I won’t be quiet” 

We know Meghan
Drink 3 cups of warm water, face due west and rotate your arm in a backstroke motion until your childhood returns to you
Did it include pictures of his chubby ex-porn star wife? 
Farms lol, they’re run by mining, the farms are all parched. 
The greatest unsolvable mystery of our time
My main fear is Trump tweeting out, "CODE RED TO MY LOVELY PERFECT FOLLOWERS: Come defend me on the White House lawn with you guns!" and that will kick off the Dumb Civil War.
Trump would never tolerate an intelligent person with a spine in his administration. 

Mattis is proof of that.
Because there is a literal 0% chance that the gop favored senate would convict, why do you think it’s still a good idea for democrats in tight swing districts that would likely turn red if impeachment proceedings occur to favor impeachment? Do you want the house to flip red again???
Hydro baby. My entire house is electric heated, hot water too. I'm close to some very valuable power hungry industries who need their power to be literally bombproof, so I'm on one of the most reliable power grids in the world.
Lev, sweety, you throw those away, that's why they're called burners... I kinda want to hug the poor schmuck.
They have plastered all over Twitter once, when libs thought the photos were taken in 2017
After I posted it, I chuckled out loud. I think this is gonna be a new catchphrase for 2 Scoop's sycophants.
Of course there are moral individuals, but the idea that the universe has some sort of inherent moral bent to it is absolutely a myth.
Close, Sofie Hagen is a fat unemployed "comedian".
Trump **is** unflappable and unstoppable :)
They are due to the white supremacist idea that immigration is a jewish plot to genocide the white race, and trump exploiting racism to politically empower himself.
I paid b/c it was cheap and worth it to me to support them. I used the free at first though
Obligatory voting with your dollar is a myth and only helps Canadian billionaires make more money.
God you're difficult.
He always looked like he had dropped a fart and is waiting to see if it was wet or dry.
Was he ever making good content? Genuine question; I only ever saw him during the 2016 elections when he was droning on about how people should vote for third party candidates.
Heathen, Hanksgiving is the ceremonial worship of Hank Hill wherein you pray to the Propane Gods for even heating and Medium rare steaks.
... I'd leave a No/ 2 deposit, on it as an unforgettable reminder !
so you 'really don't care' about peterson, but you just happened to show up on an anti-peterson subreddit to defend his honor and attack his critics for some mysterious, unexplainable reason.

seriously, how are you people so bad at this?
You just gave r/conspiracy a chubby.
If Biden has nothing to hide what's the big deal? Clinton signed a treaty with Ukraine that mandates we help eachother investigate corruption.
That is an attempt to make it near impossible. That isn’t what they want but they are willing to take tiny steps to get to their goal.
Thanks for sharing! Such a memorable moment
It's essentially unsolvable.
It's not like humans are particularly scarce, nor new ones difficult to make.
I’m not so sure. After watching the documentary “Jim & Andy: The Great Beyond” I cant help but feel deeply sorry for anyone who had to work with Jim Carrey. He seems like a gigantic asshole.
Obligatory double-tap headshot suicide incoming.
Well they did buy 2 large portraits of Trump for $30k each from a Charity Auction so they can't be that bad of people right? 

(/s if I really need it)
 You name me the politician that isn't a BS artist.

[Hi.]([URL])

Whether you think his ideas are brilliant or insane, the only people that don't call him true to his word at the very least are people that are trying to instigate something.
Flip over to the Bon Air fire page on facebook to see some truly idiotic arguments.
The industry that communism had brought about had fallen apart. That is available data. Growing industrialization has imposed a series of economic breakdowns so severe that the Communist countries, against their ideological principles, have had to retreat step by step from central planning and return to various degrees and forms of a free market.
That's one of the things about the truly moronic "what about India and China...?" argument.  It really is nothing more than the classic "what aboutism" deflection.  Idiotic at best, dangerous and intentionally deceptive really.
I have been searching the web for a GIF of a tiny violin playing, but nothing I've found is small enough.
Booker is an angry man that talks too much while Cumallah is a hoe
When is someone more clever than I going to make a good comment about Iraqi Newborns and Birth Defects from our Depleted Uranium shells that we've littered their land with?
Tell me more. Wet and dirty? (I'm watching MSNBC and pornhub on split screen.)
I think upper middle class liberals are so obsessed with the idea that the poor are destitute and downtrodden that they contribute more to this than actual rich douchebags. Most low income people I know are super proud and enjoy their lives with or without your approval. 
Rare, but sure. More often it isn't some noble route. That's not the way capitalism works.
God, on top of being so stupid he's so ugly too. I guess it's true that if you are hideous on the inside it will reflect on the outside.
Because there was virtually no reason to betray the Kurds. 

The ARVN had every opportunity, they couldn’t get it done. We didn’t just leave the ARVN out to dry either, they still had the equipment and training.
A false dichotomy is when someone asserts there are only two possible outcomes when there are more.

It seems like based your comment you think the only two possible outcomes are #1 A few are rich and many are poor. Or #2 everyone is miserable and poor

It's a ridiculous assertion.
Yep, the guy is a long term proponent of intelligent design BS

[URL]
I read the article and I saw where it said progressives were unhappy with the state Democrat party on abortion language, but it didn't really explain how they were sabotaging her. This is a weird article and it seemed like half of it was missing... 
 within the perfect moral compass of Judaism.

kek.  My sides.
The only way facebook would ever even come close to doing this is if their employees revolt. Their investors certainly wont support it, that's an enormous amount of revenue. Zuck certainly doesn't give a shit about democracy, he'll go full fox news before he willingly does the right thing.
God this is hideous
Plus by relaxing regulation and allowing more cheap private insurance in from America you can increase the strain on the NHS further.
That's right! America would not be the pinnacle of democracy and a beacon of light within the free world, were it not for 6ix 9ine's brave and selfless act of snitching on treyway.
Ya but if more than half of them are overweight or even obese you ain’t doing shit dude.

Most gun owners couldn’t run up a 100m hill and fire accurately right after peaking.
It's unsettling to see a large chunk of the country so receptive to his rhetoric.

The Republican Party has been moving in this direction ever since Limbaugh went national in 1990.

They've finally got their fondest wish. A screaming right-wing AM radio man-child is their nominee for president.

"This guy has an impeccable reputation...." That's so wilfully ignorant it's dumbfounding. I know the average Republican qualifies as special needs, but damn....
Maybe if Trump tried, just once to be a decent president, we would have less to rant about. Maybe if Trump supporters tried, just once, to be anything resembling intelligent, you wouldn't be the butt of every joke in this sub.
It's stunning isn't it? They vote for someone ten times worse just to not get that one evil they are sooo scared of. Amazing.
go home Tracey, you're drunk
Glad to see you are fighting hard for those poor guys who cannot say hi.  So innocent, they are, I am sure.  I bet they are glad to have you there to fight against their evil oppressors.
Just tell them that's the equivalent of sticking your head in the freezer and telling me its freezing out in the middle of July.
I want to see the "skinny Trump" option first. I'm not gonna buy it, but at this point I feel like I should see it in every option 
Yep, I live in sight of an offshore wind farm (well, I can see it if I climb the hill so I can see the sea). I can't ever remember seeing those things not turning.  It's not an unsolvable problem, we just have to prioritise it.
can depleted uranium penetrate a stale week old baguette?
You have to understand what  constricting illegal immigration is doing to the the cost of the HELP... Elitist are petrified at the prospect of cleaning their own toilets,mowing the lawn and cooking  food.
I'm rich and tired of people calling others trash for not voting in their best interests.  So I voted in my best interests.
No, but Taylor's recounting of another's recounting of the conversation *is* hearsay. If Taylor was the only source for this, it would be extremely weak, and I imagine difficult to refute Republican [URL] thing the staffer himself is testifying later this week!
Aw yis, tasty dimmys from the bay marine, cooked at 10AM bought at 4PM
[URL] didn't have to fake news his head onto someone else's body.

after lie-bragging about his ^*ahem* "gorgeous" chest.

Oh, god.  Don't anyone dare demand he show us his chest.
Just got perma'd on my old account for saying "Fuck off, troll."

Wasn't even a "gender critical feminist" (not trying to get banned again)
It's snug as a bug in a Rugg! 😊
Anyone who would argue that people should be killed because they are not valuable enough is pretty twisted imo so the first argument isn't really relevant. If someone is willing to kill a Fetus for not being valuable enough then they should also be willing to kill homeless and disabled people.
You're looking at FT, though: American corporate propaganda. Interviewing the CEO of a gigantic German company.
This blood is on all of our hands.  We all should be in the streets demanding the end of childhood seperation and other horrific abuses of asylum seekers but we have failed them.  

This girl wasn't separated from her father, and y all accounts wasn't abused by the border patrol. 




He's very unflappable.  I feel like it would be hard to make him look bad even if he was in the wrong.
She looks day drunk to me.
Well, he might be right given that Trump will probably do something even more horrific and we'll all be talking about that instead of this.

That is, if history is any indication.
Traditionalism comes from the same ugly place as liberal idpol.

The hellhole that is modern suburbia?
Norwegian here and all for OWS. Perhaps my "Should be freezing but eating ice cream during winter" Friends and I could help?
Can the pandering get even more transparent?
Every time they nail him to the cross he moans and everyone’s uncomfortable at his visible erection

Or at the last supper he deepthroats a hot dog
Pete-Pals!

We, the Pete Pals of the United States, in order to form a more perfect union, establish Justice, insure domestic tranquility, provide for the common defence, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty  \[...\]
Multimillionaire finance bro fails to understand why average people are postponing parenthood. In other news, water is wet.
Tulsi Gabbard is probably a lot less menacing to people who are straight and not really worried about Hindu nationalism, but I'm LGBT as fuck and definitely not a fan of Narendra Modi pushing the world's biggest democracy down an ethno-religious nationalist path, so I'm super wary of her.
Ah yes, because it is me who launches ceaseless and unfounded derogatory attacks against candidates I dislike. My bad. 

You've devoted your time to attacking someone for no reason, and unless you're getting paid for it, I can't imagine how sad and angry your little life is.
Let's be excellent to each other regardless of race, politics, etc. 

Yang's ideas should also transcend anyone person and country.
I'll start by saying I'm really not a fan of using nicknames and buzzwords and stuff to attack people, it just seems silly to me and I'm annoyed that the tactic works in spite of its mindlessness.

That said, Gym Jordan is a pretty funny one.
This is just like that angry NPC meme.  Chuds mad.
So banning the literally *hundreds* of trolls from CTH who brigaded /r/kamala to kick people while they were down when she dropped out actually turned out to be pretty cathartic, who knew.
I'm sick and tired of hearing about illegals. From now on, they should be put in kid cages starting with these unlucky 13.
The NHS is good value for money, but for outcomes and level of service it isn't. 

Yeah, cause it's been systematically and deliberately underfunded by people who want to see it fail so they can get rich by picking at it's carcass.
Relaxin' all cool, shootin' some b ball outside of the school!
Why TF are we stopping it? After the House is done, the Sennett Republicans get their chance to expose this charade for what it is. This will be a big win for DJT once the dirty laundry is aired in front of the public in a Sennett hearing.
" Months later, Mr Trump was briefed not to mention the topic at a private dinner with leaders from four Latin American allies, but the first thing the president said was “my staff told me not to say this” – stunning his advisers at the time.  "

No, its decided law, you cannot be fired if you drive a work truck to a gas station instead of freezing to death.

Gorsuch would have liked it otherwise.   Great justice there.
I'm at my parents for Easter. Their tv was stuck on this due to the faulty remote. I think I know what hell feels like.
That fucking movie is brilliant, I dont care who you are.
Yeah, so you are allowed to sue someone after you or your family are terminally ill, if still alive by the time the court case is finished.
I mean, I see why Reddit doesn't ban T_D, Trump would attack them on Twitter and they would become of the social media companies that congressional Republicans have been wanting to regulate the content of. The best time to ban them will be after he leaves office
tons of people have seen them, if there was anything there the right wing wouldve plastered that shit on every window in this country. its all bullshit. every secretary of state did things similar to her

So maybe she shouldn’t fly entire crews of people on commercial jetliners all so she can get a sick photo op on a sailboat.
They switched from tiny hats to blue checkmarks.
He's mine too!  I mostly send him net neutrality concerns, but I've written him in support of the ACA too.  

As bad as Kansas politics can be, Moran is nearly palatable.  
Collins is such a stupid asshole.  What's worse is that the base believes his idiotic lies.
And that’s with a TON of makeup too. Her clothes are hideous as always, And still so damn tone deaf and strident 
i like this theory , praying that security is sufficiently tight so that we can all see it come to fruition
By and large you don't move to Alaska if you like being told what to do.
Not sure of the name it was a while back and I was quite tipsy. I remembered there being to right next to each other and the one we went into had a red door on the inside. Only remember that because the bouncers used my head to open the door 😂
Nah, that would upset his Bible thumping base too much.  Teetotaling runs deep in hard core Christian conservatives.  This is evidenced by the fact that there are STILL dry countries out there.
You must be getting as sleepy as I am talking about that stuff. Anyone else ready for a nap? 
Yeah there just milkshakes who cares if they deform the faces of their victims because they are filled with quick dry cement and acid.
Not exactly, but it’s not a great sign when one of the largest sub groups has shown you almost no support. But also Bernie has most of the under 45 black community, so if were pretending that’s what I said it would be Bernie and Biden who are viable.
Is there audio of this interview anywhere. I really want to hear the inaudible parts. 
Because I’d rather fuck the world’s ugliest rat than the world’s most gorgeous Nazi.
I dunno... families with kids under 5 is just a tiny portion of the voting group.
Bernie has never sold ambassadorships or promised special access to ultra wealthy bundlers who raise more than 250k

He's never been president, never had the opportunity.
They slit these animals throats and let them suffocate on their own blood. As opposed to the "haram" way of stunning them first so they feel less pain.
He supports renegotiation with the EU, rather than immediate UK withdrawal, something which anyone at his level knows cannot be satisfactory in terms of retaining independence.
Don't know why you trump sycophants think that all voters who are disgusted by trump antics are liberals. Voters who know what trump really stands for and are sickened by it are mostly thinking, intelligent folk who know that he represents attitudes and actions that most normal humans recoil from.
Yeah definitely. The phrase is completely broken and worthless now. Actual white nationalists now have free reign since we can't warn against them. There's no stopping them, all cuz "the left" "overused" a phrase.

Great point from a brilliant man.
Who else fell asleep during Pelosi's canned statement?
The day after the election as melodramatic as this is I was in a state of mourning. I almost called in sick, it was gray and rainy and everyone at my job was sullen. 
Unless there is specific evidence that indicates that one particular result is faulty, I don't. I think it's the only moral option. I think this is so heinous a thing that I really wouldn't mind if Jill Stein drove off a fucking cliff, and I'm not even in your country.
Yeah, anyone actually thinking they are informed by only watching cable/satellite news is patently false.

I'm not a huge fan of the ASP channel simply because of the way he talks, but he puts out some great content at times.
Before-tax and after-tax savings are still pretty great for saving for rainy days, despite all the guffawing about how your money "isn't working for you."

Due to annual contribution limits it's not much for retirement, but it definitely helps you brave the rough seas of life.
Go take a scalding hot shower. 
Exactly. By definition politics is the "distribution of scarce resources".
sorry daddy

But I'm on a tight time schedule and I don't have time to properly figure this out :(
I'm still mad that the tiny amount of political power a nuclear advocacy group I volunteer for decided to petition AOC to have nuclear in the GND (after Moscow Mitch killed it) instead of literally anything else
Right now the Biden campaign reminds me an awful lot like the 2014 Romney GOP campaign; long on name recognition, thin on merits.
One time I saw 2 conventionally attractive women climb out of a truck with a big shocker sticker in the back window.
Feel free to be who ever you want to be. But dont force your decisions on other people. Also, learn how to spell.
Gohmert is an insipid fuck, just slipping Biden in the middle of a name list. Get bent Gohmert
So weak lol too damaged
[URL]

Why do the mods allow Neo Nazis to post off topic content?
It's delicious to think that this right wing scumbag paid a cool million to get fucked by Trump. Usually it's the other way around.
Somebody needs to check the AG's office for a carbon monoxide leak. Everyone who goes in there becomes very, very sleepy.
love this, it couldn't be angry constituents, it HAS to be momentum planted activists doing the shouting. Dear Leader could never be criticised!
 "Based GenZ will finish what ZyklonB couldn't'' Could you honestly see how that is at all funny ?
Walmart sell to people who have the sufficient amount of money. I don’t see Walmart sending left over inventory to starving population. 

The Internet was created and made by a socialist. You don’t find yourself being charged a fee for using the Internet
That's what i was wondering, the ndp was going to spend a lot more in the initial 2 years. 
I am still curious as to what he plans on cutting, 
Even still. Our debt is gigantic and i don't know if we can even put a dent in it. 
I still think wiki leaks is important. Yet his communications with the trump org were troubling. He is not a neutral actor. I am wary of anything he says or reports to know. Leaking only parts of whole is also a worrisome step that he made. 
what the fuck. it's always this power play with extremely loud jet engines in the background so it's very difficult to make out what he said. it's almost like he thinks this might affect the quality of the evidence?
This face they [URL] damn it’s so ugly.
Cleanish? You need to sanitize and disinfect. Especially the junk. 

Don’t worry about it turning against you. 
One day it just simply stops working. And you have to wear attends because you’re constantly pissing yourself. 

See Trump. 

Beeeeep.... Beeeeeeeeeeep. 

DEPLETED
Most likely this is a product of the left's anti law enforcement campaign and they need to be held responsible for encouraging their useful idiots.
You are a white supremacist troll. Therefore, anything that makes you unhappy makes me happy.
Whereas Sanders isn't intelligent and wouldn't try?

I get that you like Buttigieg, but you aren't putting forward reasons for people to agree with you, so much as conclusions.
It is actually a hard problem to protect New York because it is connected to Long Island Sound, and an enormous estuary and harbor area reaching out to Sandy Hook New Jersey. The airports are out in Queens on Long Island.
I got rewarded once from a post saying rewards are dumb. I genuinely got annoyed about it
She was an enormous step up. Trump is a certified disaster. He might be the end of the country as we know it.
I'd say Gen X they are supposed to be in Power and have th most to be pissed about.

The younger generations are set vs the Boomers but Gen X should be leading. Not 30 something millenials.

Boomers did som much damaged even the ones who meant well.
I'm not sure about this, but I think by "controversial" they mean conspiracy theories (like antivaxx, chem trails...) or hate speech. Still, not a good sign for free speech.
Not surprised. Him like most are tired of the constant, “WE GOT TRUMP!” Coming from the Democrats and the media. From Russia, Pornstars, Taxes, his hotels, Ukraine etc at some point you lose interest.
Notice how they are polarizing. Either you want to put him in prison, or you are a dirty evil Trump supporter. No room for anyone else.

Either you're in our insane cult or you vote for Trump. 

Ok guess I'll vote for Trump.
Maybe for the most part, but innocent people occasionally get caught in crossfire and killed, or are randomly targeted for senseless, horrific acts of violence
Small point but to meet the threshold you set up it's possible only a few northern tier states froze over since most of the rest had areas that remained above freezing.

About Hawaii. Mauna Loa at the observatory elevation has recorded below freezing temperatures for every month of the year:

[URL]
Aye as like if Labour got duped by fake docs then thats a big fuck up
She's less mediocre than all the other candidates rn
absolutely ridiculous.  

BBC coverage was hugely pro-government.  The BBC is almost always inevitably pro the government of the day.
What is absolutely certain.... is that a lot of lawyers are going to make huge amounts of money.
I have to admit, tho, had they been less vicious and unkind, they wouldnt be being treated poorly now. I get that they wanted Bernie to win but they really dug deep into their darkness to attack her on his behalf. It's hard to forget that now.
They reported the number lost as 1488 kids? The implications are very unsettling.
Good night! And thanks! Btw the deadline is now PST!
Thank them for correctly using the flag of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of People’s Republic of China. Bravo.
They hate fat ugly Asians in China. Poe is a hated character there.
uranium depleted ammunition is killing children in iraq. You shot it, but you have no plans to clean it up. 

[URL]~[URL]
[URL]

Any one that has used or uses depleted uranium is a war criminal. 
My concern was that there are people that are ill-informed enough to think that the Cherokee were all killed, not that the Trail of Tears wasn't horrific. That in spite of what they've faced, as a people, the Cherokee have survived.
I mean, a two party system is REALLY stupid. And we were warned years ago how bad itd be.
As is the nature of politics. 

If the Tories were genuinely going to improve people’s lives they would be able to point to all the good things they’ve done Over the past 9 years, but they can’t. That speaks volumes.

Do you trust Boris Johnson?
I think she's hot.  Get her a juul and cosmo, I'd hit it.
Harvard should do this.  In fact,  Harvard should only let in the lowest of the low.  The lowest (or best, if you will) 1% of all students.  For the next 150 years to right the injustice caused by white men
and it cripples small businesses. And it cripples unions because all they negotiate is healthcare and not anything else
This true. Especially because it's easy to write while you're sitting around getting stoned thinking about what you want to say. Significantly harder to write while you're sitting in a van eight hours a day before pouring your heart out to ten disinterested strangers and sleeping on a floor.
Sanders, Yang, Tulsi, even Warren all say that. The Democrats also bring up legislation they've been working on, though I doubt any of this changes minds much. After all, will the same populist Trump supporters withold their vote this time given his positive vision in 2016 was completely hot air?
Absolutely lovely.  


Some of Akira's latest JBP videos were nearly inaudible in some parts, but with this he is totally back on the track that gave him recognition among JBP readers.
Gigi gorgeous. A rather famous trans YouTuber.  
^(Also don't refer to trans woman as fake thats a real dick move and you'll get banned of most leftist subs for it)
The beatles is what centerist grill to. I genuinely cant remember the last time i heard a beatles song, but Im sure I was annoyed with whoever put us through having to listen to it.
Yeah like I said I'm not that active here, I just remember subbing to a bunch of different libertarian subreddits some years ago.

I know I don't have to leave, but I've only grown increasingly annoyed at convos with lots of ancaps over the years. I want to.
uh oh hot dog.
Wow. I'm gonna have to go pick up some more wew because this comment has exhausted my supply
I've honestly thought it'd be great to see what tax money went to. I paved 1.5 miles of road in Arkansas? Cool! I payed for depleted uranium to create armor for a tank? Great! I payed so that someone in NYC could not work? Not great, but good know.
  "I'm have never heard Republicans say that all politicians want to be  dictators.  ... even though this is true when you consider the type of  big government "liberals" prefer. "

&#x200B;

\- You, just now, in a truly stunning lack of self-awareness
Pence is a bit worse ideologically, but has all the charisma of a damp rag. For whatever reason Trump can really agitate all the worst aspects of the right like few before him.
All of you people don't get it, stop attacking Musk. The internet has an exemplary  record of keeping gaming journalism in check. I fully expect the internet to do an equally impeccable job with tracking the truthiness of reporters and news sites through online discussion board voting. Musk should be lauded. 
Humans have been around for tens of thousands of years, while automated surveillance has been around for fifty years or so.

Somehow, most humans generally survived without it.

Everyone is going to die. How miserable are you willing to accept your life becoming to slightly increase your odds of surviving a bit longer?
You sound pretty bitter. Comedy is one of the most subjective art forms. Just because you don't find it funny doesn't mean it's bad.
 look at how many cases of autism you're now seeing and how it's totally unrelated to vaccines.

FTFY.  Snug down that tinfoil hat - I think your brain is swelling.
Yes, I was covering my bases: the ultra rich personally own very little OR have income.

They are essentially volunteer employees of their family company that invests and takes care of its employee's needs. 

Very difficult to tax somebody that doesn't have wealth or income.
Yang worries me because he comes across as reasonable and palatable to non-leftists, and is willing to compromise. He can get the governments foot in the door for all sorts of new and destructive things that will grow into monstrosities after he leaves office.
lusvig gets temp banned because he can't stop doing normcore 

being WHITE is is is NOT ok 😠😠😠

takes
They did Yang pretty dirty. They stopped asking him questions at the end, then had him answer first to this ridiculous one.
Gym finally got his dry cleaning back! Wow!
Hello wizardofthefuture. Your submission is being removed because it has been recently posted to the subreddit. Reposted content refers to any content that has been posted to the subreddit within the last 60 days.

Please refresh yourself on our [rules]([URL]) before continuing to participate.
Mass media is concerned with potty mouths, dick pics, emails, genital size, and chubby ex supermodels.

They have only themselves to blame
I would like to see more Kentucky polls, but for this year, I'd predict Hood to lose by around the same numbers as Espy last year, John Bel Edwards to win re-election, and for Beshear to win a tight race just based on Bevin's approval ratings.
Yeah, the reason you vote for the leopards eating people's faces party is because you think you're going to get a share of that tasty tasty face meat.
Sleep earlier, exercise, eat healthier, try and make yourself more presentable and attractive. Fill your time with meaningful activities and once you’re a solid individual maybe even find a soul mate
Let's not pretend America did much in WW2. Russia pretty much single handedly beat Germany. America just takes credit for taking back a few cities while Hitler sent his entire army to fight Stalin. Its hilarious how patheticly twisted WW2 is told
Democrats need to either buy radio stations and local news stations across the country (which worked amazingly for the Republicans) or provide cheap internet access (which might be dangerous, considering the foreign and billionaire propaganda).
It's refreshing to hear that my opinion is shared. 

In addition to the constant repetition, I am also annoyed by all the self-reference. He is constantly talking about the show, and the process.

I have enjoyed the information and the insight, but I dislike the packaging.
This! The first order doesnt seem so bad in that light.  A bunch of woke women took over the galaxy and began ruining everything.  The competent republic fled while beta orbiters stayed.  Its like pottery.
Me, also a black man: Fucking figures. They are conservatives and republicans.
 Read the damn report.  The entire first volume is dedicated to Russian collusion.  Sick of hearing this garbage from people who get their news from a pathological liar and fake “attorney general”.
How did losing the House enable them? They are absolutely petrified of what January 3, 2019 is going to unleash.
 he's clearly an actual idiot

He has dozens of buildings with his name plastered all over it, wrote best selling books, has had a top rated tv show and is married to a model.   Even if he's had a lot of help, he's not an idiot.
It wasn't dirt. He was a plant the whole time. He has had over 30 years to become completely soaked in Washington corruption.
All those sports depleted his battery.
The quiet Australian isn't rich, so he isn't favoured by Dog, so we can ignore him because he is a sinner.
Unfortunately, I don't think so. We've gone full America without noticing. There is literally *nothing* Johnson could do that would lose him votes. We were all asleep at the wheel and this is where we are now. Absolutely disgraceful.
Happy Cake Day astral_hunterrr! If I had a flower for every time I thought of you...I could walk through my garden forever.
They were equally bad, a Tory government here, a labour government there... Both weak.
Yes and it's not for you. It's for his followers.

He is feeding their victim complex to increase his support. Be wary of these sorts of tactics. Fact-checking him does zero; his supporters aren't listening to anyone but him.
Thanks for the link. I just sunk 8 motionless hours into reading various materials provided in this post. And I’m still hungry. Cheers friend.
"Strong, unflappable", haha. Sounds like newspeak for "stubborn, too dumb to know she lost" to me. 
She has more integrity than all of oligarchy media combined. You can watch a single news program or read a newspaper without ridiculous lies or propaganda being front and center.
You've already got the privilege of a mediocre white woman ... confidence comes from within and can't begin until you're no longer a whiney fat bitch.
He knew it was going to surface.  He will try to control the narrative, normalizing his behaviour and acting like it's old news and that he was transparent about it.
Because most of the time their depression problems are unsolvable. "I social inept and I'm a virgin". Well what can anyone do about that?
Yes, totally insane to think that lobbying, conflicts of interest, and possible corruption should be transparent /s. 

Question: What do you think is the downside to politicians needing to be transparent with their finances? I'm genuinely curious.
Wearing extremely thin to anyone paying attention to the campaign,  yes.... but the goal is getting John Citizen to hear your soundbite.
Hot take from Mom's bf:

"I started watching star wars and I've seen them all, ive liked all of them"
Why does sleepy Jeff Sessions get to ride off into the night?  He's as guilty as anybody also.
Mother gets another warm meal.
When Vindman corrected him it was brilliant. It’s lt. colonel, not mister.
They’re not being well preserved.  LA is a filthy mess and single party rule yields unaccountable politicians.  I’d like to see some competitive Republicans to change this paradigm.

I don’t recall defending Republican policies?  Are there some you would like to discuss?
I always thought the same thing, it's basically Catholicism promoting *r*-type reproduction criteria.

What do you say to the theory that keeping Kosher gave Jewish people a survival advantage (in the ancient world) vs. gentiles who ate pork and shellfish (both easily and often contaminated with food-borne illness)?
Exactly. Trumps father’s real estate business deals almost exclusively with Russians and Russian controlled neighborhoods. Jr allied to the Russians being the source of money. These guys are so fucking dirty.
Nothing, horror is sweet and a how a generation of kids got into reading. 

Lot of good new horror rn, like Ninth Gate and the Institute. 

Then we got shit like The Dark Tower, Pet Cemetery, Vampire Chronicles, (Not IT) . . .
Anybody know what “sleepy eyes” Chuck Todd has to say?
If the GOP could create their perfect candidate in a lab - he (or she or it) would have Trump's charisma, Pence's brain, and Pence's hideous fundie-ism.
Fun fact, we don't live in the Roman Empire, it's not 100 AD.  

The message is grounded in the here and now. 

Dismissing the content of the message, and it's sources, because "ackshulay Trajan had it better" is peak Neo liberal trash.
An enormous overreach? For banning flavors that are meant to target under age kids? You know that's an actual problem right? What's enormous about this? It's a trivial ban at best and people can still use e-cigs with the standard tobacco flavor.
Having a certain taste for lunch meat condiments is similar to the ramblings of a demented old man?  You have some, uh, interesting theories.
 What the heck is going on? This is a complete and utter cluster-[inaudible]

We couldn't make that last word out, anybody catch it? Let's be honest though, we all know it's just a code for "fuck".
I’m almost certain trade schools and such are covered the same way college would be under the Bernie plan.
Lol you're banking on a party picking up 20 seats in the Senate in a single election. That's hilarious.
Go on r/conservative and everything will be made crystal clear.
Obviously he uses a cart. That's normal

If you're a filthy casual. I think I've played about 3 rounds in my life with a cart.
What exactly would you call 3.6 million immigrants arriving between 1997-2010 ? 

Excellent for the economy and for the exchequer given that those [immigrants contribute more]([URL]) and [are more likely to start businesses]([URL])?
It's almost impossible to survive (in new york especially) under a minimum wage. That's why they are outlawed: To prevent exploitation of cheapest labor that achieves result by any means necessary.
There are a lot of numbers between 1 and 100. Lots of temperature between freezing and boiling.  

Sure there is some dumb shit round the innernets doesn't mean you have to be the polar opposite in a hateful way . It makes you just like the tumblr users you laugh at on TIA.
seriously i thought that and had to click on the twitter to see it was a woman and the CEO of youtube, the further i look the further i can see what a massive enormous SJW the women is.
Story is over everybody, this person’s anecdotal evidence supporting white privilege proves the old white rich guy was not being patronizing and racist when saying a black man is “well spoken”.
Good thing soccer is boring and I can’t watch it without falling asleep
Riiiiight, not because the profit margin is guaranteed by not having to pay taxes and company cash flows are constantly breaking record highs. Survived the last recession with a hell of a lot less, but they got you convinced times are tight lol.
That was awesome , but it reminds of dark times at the same time .
Foreign Aid: Stealing money from poor people in a rich country to give it to rich people in a poor country.
Twice now I've heard him speak since the election and he's sounded like he had a cold and looked tired. Last night in NC he looked exhausted. He hasn't even assumed the office yet. 
oh ya... any other person that would be a standout memorable moment.
Ah yes, it's going to be really hard to explain a _high school joke_. Got 'em!!!

The desperation of the left is palatable.
Because truth is rare, especially at NPR.
I don't. I was trying to convey it's easier, like in an emergency if I had to choose high or tipsy, I'd rather drive to the hospital high versus inebriated. 
In closed venues people have waited over 4 hours just to see Bernie speak (even in the freezing cold and in rainy weather). He's a superstar, and it's gives me happiness seeing millennials stand up to make their voices heard against the status quo.
It'd be really fucking great if the next 60 years of my life still had cleanish air and water, and it'd be really fucking great if we helped the rest of the world get there too. 
That, and the fact that it was already predicted that in certain regions where the temperature stays well under freezing point for the entire duration of the year some amount of ice will be added as a result of increased humidity in the atmosphere (which results from increased global temperatures).
Nope. Wrong. Incorrect.

Edit: anyone that thinks the Democratic Party got as much shit when Obama was in office as the Republican Party is getting now is brain damaged lol.
Pence wants to be clean so he can take the job
Also in other news: Bernie Sanders hasn’t voted since July missing over 100 votes.... because he’s running for president!!! These hit pieces are so transparent....
Her [wiki page]([URL]), for anyone like me who hadn't heard of her.

After checking it out, I'd have to agree.  Principled, black, female, from Ohio.  A very solid combo.

Booker or Castro could work too, though.
Im soaked from liberals tears. 
Our President does not back down for anyone, he is unflappable. As always, THE LEFT CANNOT MEME
Gotta make sure your Boss knows your working hard to advance his goals!

All the insanity and stupidity make sense as soon as you look at this fake presidency as a puppet with his strings being pulled by Putin.
Why would you want to put gun manufacturing in the hands of the government?? Sounds like a shitty plan.

Just put a small tax on guns and use that as a credit for the impoverished. Then we can all have guns and the government doesnt run it.
Goodbye, Felicia! It has been a distinct pleasure seeing Rohrabacher's star fall at the hands of Harley Rouda. I hope he finds no place willing to suffer traitors in the private sector, and dies alone and destitute like the hundreds of thousands, millions perhaps, Americans he damned to the same fate!
 negroid

Not to be confused with the excellent [URL]
I seem to recall someone saying this would be the “Most transparent administration ever.”
Literally playing the only two possible cards
Likely, depends on how many voting locations they can shut down and voters purged from the rolls between now and then.  Texas would be blue if everyone who could vote had their vote counted.
Wow does anyone over there actually speak the language? "genuinely petrified and you did take some action". If you were genuinely petrified you wouldn't be able to take any action, legal or not. 
It's how mathematicians operate. They argue vociferously and indiscriminately, but once a satisfactory answer is arrived at it's all rainbows. The proof does the humbling for the opponent.
Poor mans gold🏅

Edit: you might want to add a /s cuz you're being downvoted
It's hard for a towering ego that hasn't been adequately adulated for its brilliance to relegate itself to playing puppet master behind the scenes. That ego craves the spotlight the way a closet drunk craves chardonnay. Oh wait....
You can be wealthy and still have sympathies for the less fortunate, but it's almost unheard of from people born into wealth, and still suprisingly rare for people born in poverty to hold on to their pasts.
VPILF

Did you [URL] that up? lol That's brilliant
That reminds me, I gotta run the 30 or so miles here soon to pick up some Chick-fil-a. I haven't had it in a while and it is damn delicious
I'm pretty sure its some combination of all of the above but he isn't "hiding" money from the IRS but rather has "foreign assets" which are unavailable to his creditors.
Commieblocks, when you want to house everyone but also want people to kill themselves because they have to look at drab, hideous, concrete affronts to mankind.

Like megacity one but somehow worse.
Go clean your rooms, ya filthy animals.
Yes, context matters but there is no context where a copy saying they'll create a reason to throw you in jail because they're annoyed with you is ok.
From using their money to purchase the scarce supply of it... They don't need the state for that. They need goober amounts of money, which a lot of companies have.
Don't worry; you're probably in the majority. It seems that it's only a small, but loud, group of people making those threats.
At this point they are literally bragging about being nazis and tweeting out shit like "1488" while smooth brains like you get used like the useful idiots you are lmao

They literally brag on open mics how dumb and gullible you guys are, lmaooooo
 I hate neoconservatives and think you freaks are responsible for enormous amounts of death and suffering in the world

But neolibs aren't? lmao
Presidential speeches shouldn't have inaudible fine print.
As a car collector I can assure that we don't multiples of the same mediocre transportation vehicles
 At the time of Pierce's death in 2002, the National Alliance was bringing in more than $1 million a year, with more than 1,500 members and a paid national staff of 17 full-time officials

Wow.  I knew Pierce had reach but I didn't not know NA was this big.
What? It means literally what it says.

Tools music was unavailable to stream for ages. Yesterday it went up for all to enjoy.
 has impeccable character

Just make sure that if you're having a lads night out, he's not in charge of the train tickets.
That's some tasty whataboutism.
No, Iraq was faulty intelligence that a man who wanted to come to the United States gave, and the Bush admin pushed it to the media to Trump up excuses for their war. You still haven't given any proof of your claims.  
	Not empirical, but anecdotal here.

	I’m a single issue voter for gun rights at this point, 

So no empirical evidenc. Cool.
What can we do to preserve the memories of ringtone rap throughout future generations? What if the next generation doesnt know how to throw some d's on that bitch? What will they do when their chainz hang low? How will they react when errybody in the club gettin tipsy? 
That questioning she did of Mark Zuckerberg was pretty stupid, so stupid nothing will ever convince me she's intelligent.
I'm hoping that Johnson's loss in the UK is foreshadowing for the US. Brexit seemed to predict Trump's win in 2016 (I mean just the sudden rise of idiotic right wing ideology spread by Russian psy-ops).
There's more of us than you probably realize. We just don't scream as loudly about it. We're damaged by their hate too.
Pence is asleep in the picture.
America is not a nation-state. These days you will find that *all* of America's interests are euphemistically called special interests.
I know. That was my point. He’s a chicken hawk. He acts like he’s a tough guy/badass. But he is a weak little man who is afraid of another weak man tweeting something nasty about him.
Semi censoring.  They're labeling tweets as "unavailable," despite the fact that they're still in the tweeter's feed, and this prevents it from showing up in anyone else's.
Pouring water on people is enhanced interrogation. What happened to you when you were caught by the Nazis is torture. Silly to compare the two.
Switch to an e-reader/books on phone/pdfs. My guess is that this is a backlight issue rather than a content thing. It could also be a content thing.
Catch me once, listen bud!  

I've been soaked in Spirit Cooked blood.  
Can I swing you from a noose?  
Right over my bed!  
Hey there!  
There goes the Schneiderman.

1 white man, 2 Jews
Or alternatively cultivate a drinking problem by going to the pub to "wait for it to calm down" every night.
This is excellent. You have a knack for this
So good to see this response. That comic was plastered around Reddit earlier and at that point I had never felt closer to 1984
I don't doubt that at all. I just don't have any other good non-violent suggestions. These assholes are putting citizens in a tight spot.

Edit: just to be clear I don't support any violent means of getting a point across.
Fuck she is ugly lmao
He's gonna get booed. They can't punish college students without the Streisand Effect dominating the headlines. It's going to be hilarious.
That was my point-- it is the weather as much as the traffic.  Freezing and thawing does the damage.
I dream of the day when a squirt, a dribble or a small shake of dew, is allowed to quench the parched wallets of the workin' man. When, Lord? When? When's gonna be our time?
I mean those dogs are fucking delicious /s
Were you asleep in 2018? Nice try...
Quick, take out a trademark on it! Free advertisement for weeks
He works for the enemy (laughs). He’s alright (inaudible). He might be in danger.

hahaha!! the commander in chief accusing a random sailor of treason is *so funny*.
Democracy is such a joke anyway also we're a republic so why should laws even matter also I'm currently eating my own foot some people say that's bad I say mind your own business my foot is delicious.
This sure seems like a cut and dry way for the GOP to take down Trump. They ran cover for trump on Russia and all the treasony things because they are in on it. This allows them to hammer Trump on finances and sex trafficking.
One way ticket home in a cage.  Leave the cargo bay door ajar pls.
“FIGHT ME JEZ! COME ON COME ON! FUCKING COWARD AHHH”

“Youre drunk”
I hope this bearer of a tattoo dedicated to the 21st Century Glass-Steagall Act shares a pic with the world. Don't hide your light, my man.
If they did something about it (not that there is anything to do), they would have to move on, no more smoke screen. Better to have an unsolvable accusation. Always at war with Oceana.
It's so wild that liberals enjoy jokes about starving. Like damn it really show y'all have no difference from the right. 
she's pretty cool tho
He talks about terminally ill children. Something that Alfie's parents apparantly refuse to accept that he is. 

So I dont see how it would apply.
You trade a small amount of gold for however many dollars you need to buy bread that day. But if the dollar became worthless people would actually accept gold as a currency (or any other alternative) in private transactions
Seeing some shots from Fox News of Trump and the First Lady, and Melania looks stunning as always. The President looks great as well.
Actually Big Mike has had far more plastic surgery procedures on his face than Melania, Melania was always gorgeous but mike has had a nosejob, cheek implants, brow ridge reduction, chin Lipo, weaves, that's a lot of work and he still frowns a lot which doesn't help.

[URL]
Yes and Stalin was a feudalist, Thatcher was an anarcho-primitivist and North Korea is actually a free liberal society. Words have no meanings.
then why is the suicide rate for men so high? I have considered suicide myself, many times, unfortunately. If times are so good, why are men so unhappy? 
Millions long for immortality who don't know what to do with themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon. --Susan Ertz
I'm all for billionaires paying taxes - but Bill Gates does soooooo much good with his billions. 

Almost eradicating polio.   
Providing clean toilets for slums.   
Driving clean energy forward. 

He's far more efficient than any government would be with that money.
I'd be delighted to pay higher taxes for better infrastructure. The bumpy interstates around me haven't been maintained in ages and our train system sucks.

Like many things, this one of those deals where paying a bit more to fix things now saves me money over time.
This man is speaking in bad faith, rather than out of a genuine sense of his ideology matching the current situation. He's earned my opinion to totally write him off.
I doubt Bercow of all people is in denial about the likely outcome and mentally unprepared for it.
Knock on wood that David Attenborough lives long enough to make a documentary on the United States GOP before it disappears from the planet completely. Extinct species deserve to be remembered.
Dems desperately grasping at straws worse than parched Californians dining out
yes, I, a foreigner, mispelled a word... Ofcourse I must be stupid and have totally invalid opinions.

This is... being better than Trump? Personal attacks based on a mispelling? Low... So low...
You simply can't fog the Mogg, he is unflappable.
MSM is doing the same thing with the word "dystopian". I heard Maddow use it right after Trump's speech and snorted to myself. Then I see it plastered all over Reddit and mentioned on other news stations. 
Small line in the 12th. Going to be pissed if there's low turnout in NY this year, I've annoyed hundreds of people to vote.
It is time for the GOP to die. We might get something palatable afterwards.
If you are incapable of seeing the difference between Harris's "civil," public facing criticism for the whole world to judge and this trolly online poll saying Biden is no different from Trump pushed in such nasty corners of the internet such as Reddit, then I don't know what to tell you.
Pumpkin spice, or the mis-treatment of the poor?

Pumpkin spice, or imprisoning children in cages?

Pumpkin spice, or overthrowing democratically elected governments the world over?

Pumpkin spice, or pulling out of Syria and abandoning allies to death?

Pumpkin spice, or waterboarding?
Glad I’m not the only one who’s annoyed by this 
I DREW HER UGLY SO I'M RIGHT
There would be a third option if the EU wasn't  insistent on settling the bill first. I suspect that 50 billion would be much more palatable if we got something in return.
The end game of Spencer is to create a white-only nation. The only way to do that in practice is via ethnic cleansing no matter how he sugar coats it to make it sound palatable to centrists.
Why so mad. Sleepy Jeff do nothing Sessions is allowing other events to cover this so deep he'll never get around to it. He knows that almost all DC has sold out to the Russians at one time or another, him possibly included.
Put those other do nothings in and we'll probably get WW3

I'm going to disregard your previous two idiotic sentences and focus on this one.

Please explain. Thanks!
This was one of the most memorable lines in his recent books.

It was either Revolution or End the Fed. I'm not sure, because both books touched on the subject.
Huskies are generally told in an attractive way. What you wanna say is "support fat neckbeards", and how calling "neckbeards" fat is institutional fatism.
Polish women are gorgeous and "French" women are no longer French. Easy decision.
At this point, Labour probably need somebody from the north like Long-Bailey or Rayner. Starmer is clearly very capable and intelligent but he might be too emblematic of city-dwelling remainers to win back those northern seats.
A chubby, milquetoast conservative white guy who speaks Spanish is going to win the Latino vote?  And turn out the same number of black voters as Obama?  

What are they thinking?  



When it's ajar?
Or the $130,000 he paid a pornstar to be quiet and then she wrote a book?
I wish this were true. Sadly, there are many, and their intelligence is bent to the task of achieving the only remaining Republican agenda: the neutering of democracy in favor of oligarchy.
Like a parched man crawling through the desert in search of water, so are we in the desperate quest for journalistic integrity and truth within a sea of corporate sensationalism...

Many thanks for the filtered recap. 
It started as a dirty Sanchez but got crusty and white.
"I just saw my sister pull out her tampon and it was soaked in green goo..."


My response to your post, and that statement are the same thing "Disgusting. Why the fuck were you watching that shit in the first place?"
Crowdstrike was the trigger word. Never mention Crowdstrike. Don't research who owns Crowdstrike. Focus on Hunter and Sleepy Joe.
But it gives you enough doubt to not trust him. Gotcha. It sounds like the trust for government is low, and Trump seems outside that realm of government so you trust him... is that fair?
Phhbbbttt everyone knows the Air Force does not use TP. They have them fancy bidets with an attendant who then uses soft towels and warm air to dry their bums....
We made cheap food illegal, and now lower income households are having a hard time sourcing food. Is racism to blame??
Low interest rates mean pension funds have probably had to buy a lot of those bullshit bonds because it was the only place they could find any yield. 

Sooner or later the market will have to readjust.
These losers are a broken record.
trying to find a SSC post that I can't seem to find.

I remember it being a collection of excerpts from a book on ritual, possible chinese. Included an argument for rain dancing.
If by average family you mean, WAS(P)(C)(E), than, uh, yeah, the media is *kind of* plastered with them. 
Does anyone know how to solve it? It would require a complete overhaul of how doctors prescribe medication as well as a massive purge of drugs from the public sphere. Or do we just legalize the drugs and accept addiction as something to treat or as an unsolvable evil?
Takes a special type of place to be beat by Kansas.
they're very directional. they are pointed and made to project as far as possible, they probably dont sound very loud from the side or behind but yes would be deafening from the front
She get more hideous everyday. Lemme go wit dem blonde dreadlocks.
NPR talks a lot about how shitty voting machines are, and have had experts on their sleepy talkfests on the radio. I wouldn't even know that if I didn't constantly change stations at any given commercial.

Like, L O L. Very disingenuous.
Individuals don't participate in the free market? They're selling a product, they're susceptible to the pressures of that market just like any other small business owner or service. This is an odd pivot away from libertarian ideals.
Guys, I got one!

Also, Just because I don't support the building of an ineffective and expensive wall doesn't mean I support full open boarders.
I think Rosie is a chubby woman , not a man.
Trump is just as much if not more implicated in Epstein’s sick shit as old dirty billy boy.
Mike enoch is fat and hideous. 

He is, but I have never seen him lose an argument.
What? The Benghazi investigation accomplished next to nothing. They released their final massive report and it implicated nobody. This is also like the fourth thing trump has been investigated for, and the testimony given pretty clearly implicated Giuliani at a bare minimum.
That "ex gay" video made me sick. Remember the Paulks? Banning conversion therapy would obviously *never* preclude anyone from seeking either psychiatric treatment or pastoral counseling.
Yes absolutely, I'm afraid. It is already a common sentiment in this sub. Labour have always borne Tory appointed tags on certain historical events, they must be wary to avoid any blame here.
That's not such a weird law. If my dad expected the mechanic to keep his uniform clean then i guess he should help him with that. But in his business the mechanics are expected to be dirty lol. Clean mechanics give me weird feelings.
I find it amusing you consider me being jobless, homeless, and destitute as "uncomfortable"
For two while that is attractive I don't have an interest living outside New England personally. If I were to do that I'd move to Vermont and get the $10k remote work bonus from the state gov.
All seems to have gone quiet with these polls coming in, guess the sub must have been slapped with a dose of reality.
his silence is deafening
No, I believe in the truth. Trump supporters should try it for once in their miserable lives.
 those researchers are firing electromagnetic waves, in other words light

Is it really that hard to read the first 2 words of the title
Silly ramblings, Petah Tikva doesn't exist
That is super awesome, please update in some cool subreddit about it but let's be honest, not feasible or practical for most current people
Congratulations, you're getting the rare "Wintered Over" device!
The human race is going to go extinct because these brainless turd buckets wont shut up.
Emphysema is a given; I think this is passed by over cancer warnings. Emphysema destroys over time, drugs, hospitalizations, [URL] people result. 
Voluntary prison labor but with most of the wage going to a savings account so that they aren't destitute and desperate upon release, hopefully reducing the economic pressures linked to recidivism.

Also skills training apprenticeships etc
The extreme religiosity of (for example) certain schizophrenics is not about the religion, it’s about the schizophrenia. There is no need to have a category of “religiosity” as a mental illness, it’s a symptom.
Calm down there buddy, I was using the “deep state” as a catch-all boogeyman, I don’t even believe in it. 

[Also, how does having Bernie on 3 years ago mean he was being ignored?]([URL])
Be wary of the Ides of March...
You will see the light and convert to the yellow side
This is such a strangely perfect comparison
No... however, if they’re happy to cut my tax rate by 15%, I’ll keep my cul-de-sac spotless. 
They say Damp Rag still hasn't recovered from that stumping.
You're completely wrong in your assessment of candidates, speciality Bernie. Medicare for all is the norm in the developed world. Seems to me Americans already sell the clothes they require to afford drugs that are essentially free to me in Australia.
Here you go, an article from today. We are starving children in Texas. Why do you support that?

[URL]
Brilliant article (as usual) from Caitlin.
Holy smokes. Glad that our policemen are just stupid and not stupid and trigger happy.
True, if you add in cold related deaths due to high energy rates it's an even higher number.
Those positions they laid off are now open - jobs created!
Exactly this - keeping the centrist bench warm with Amy and Pete.
Jesus fucking Christ you are delusional about yourself. Just a total and complete lack of self-awareness.

Then again, that does make you a perfect Libertarian. A complete lack of self-awareness is one of the key character traits with you people.
all that war money pouring into military contractors in republican districts served the GOP well.
Stop calling it cheesecake when it has no cheese!

(Although I'm totally lactose intolerant so I appreciate the delicious ingenuity)
Tipsy.
Making the steps into a more palatable capitalism is just making it a more palatable capitalist system. It's not a path toward abolishing capital.

And I'm not against doing that, either, necessarily. What I'm arguing is that it should be confused as "socialism" because it's not.
I have no kids. I'd happily pay more taxes for free food for kids lunches and free community college. I'd also have no issue paying more taxes for universal healthcare. A healthy, educated country is a strong country.
Lol at that post history, y’all are so transparent
SNP is campaigning hard there - her seat is definitely not safe
Sure my house is filthy dirty. But so is the neighbors and if they’re gonna live in filth so am I!
I really didn’t enjoy it

Turning an ostensibly stealth game with a unique focus on social sneaking into an RPG was one of the worst decisions I’ve ever seen in a game
He was nazbol and incredibly warm towards the west. 

 [[URL]]([URL])
Honestly, I think Trumps taxes [URL] clean. I would have LOVED to see the Dems when they found out their candidates had to turn over their taxes. However, it is unconstitutional and it was right to be shot down.
Right, or you could take a moment to understand it's a built in strike fund. Hell he even got the idea from Andy Stern.  


Beyond all that though, your idea of Yang is a twisted one for sure. This policy just oozes bootlicking capitalism:  [[URL]]([URL])
Everyone is just hangry and tired. Feed them a decent meal (something nutritions but tasty, like stirfy) and put them down with a documentary and a blanky and we'll all be better off. 
The Pentagon is absolutely petrified that a war might actually  be stopped. ISIS is not a threat the the US. 
This lads name is quite unique
Ug, I cant disassociate Pepe from piles of garbage like Richard Spencer. I just hate seeing it, it's such an ugly symbol to me now
Don't say that too loud, Pence is looking forward to conversion therapy enough already.
Article: "The system is failing"

You: "why does this matter? Laugh out loud"
That makes sense. I didn't have some hot take on the issue but i did think there was still some real controversy surrounding it.
Did everyone forget about the Cold War, or....?!
Sure. You so special. That's why the whole world loves you.

[URL]
Old yes, but strongest? I always thought their performance looked rather mediocre when compared to Taha, Tarmah or Haydar groups.
Money is the mechanism for distributing scarce resources (or goods and services). When these aren't scarce thanks to high automation and abundant energy, there no need for money either.
Fat chance. This admin and the party overall are acting as if they will never be held accountable. We should all be prepared for them to take the steps that would make this possible.
I am wary of non-state representatives that speak of the welfare for humanity.
Not to mention that they proved McDonalds intentionally kept their coffee at scalding temperatures to prevent refills.
He was stone walled by republicans the majority of the time during his presidency. With all outlets from the right trying to take him down. Yet, he still was able to get the nation out of the great recession and strengthen geopolitical ties with allies. Not saying hes perfect but he did his job.
If he ever looks at the responses to his tweets, he’d see how ugly he is in the eyes of the world.
President Trump needs to just declassify it ALL!  They won't have an excuse to keep quiet.
Ultimately this is the #1 reason I’ll be voting for Buttigieg. Everyone else has failed to convince me they’d be unflappable when facing Trump.
Did he say unhappy liar?
Hehe this is brilliant I hope we use more 1920s style posters as well. 

Looking forward to all the sour Labour comments on this thread.
He doesn't seem grumpy or nasty to me. He seems like a blowhard who makes a lot of noise without much to back it up and wilts whenever he's pushed back on. We already have that in office. We don't need more of it from the opposite side of the political spectrum.
Fuck pelosi.  Im really annoyed i gave her the benefit of the doubt.
If you cant be right, be loud
I don't think any of those regions are squeaky clean in terms of terrorism, but you can debate the extent to which said violence is brewed by repression.

Again, this doesn't mean that terrorism or repression is good.
Yang isn't skinny
I dunno, ask a West African child who wears donated rags and spent all morning looking for cleanish water. . .
Happy Cake Day Ultracrepidariant! Stop searching the world for treasure, the real treasure is in yourself.
Holy shit, I thought it was a complete coincidence that all the neolibs I know insist on "nothing ancient" (re: 20th century) when talking about films
I don’t think I’d say that, but that’s rich coming from the side who has constantly lauded Mueller as a man of impeccable honor and utmost integrity for almost 3 years now.
A republican wet dream here
Biden said if someone commits murder they should be deported, then 1 or 2 illegal women start chanting “not one more de por tation” in broken English. 

Joe looks bad here to his supporters, but also fuck the guy thinking that there should be zero deportations.
He's so miserable, unhappy, and joyless.  How does he have any business giving advice on overcoming depression?  If I was seeking advice on overcoming depression I would probably be looking for it from someone who survived it and it happy, content, satisfied, and joyful.
They're afraid of any taxes on them.  They react equally towards even tiny increases.  It's just ridiculous.  Imagine a criminal treating a day in jail and a life sentence as the same thing.
 Negotiating with Tories is like marrying someone terminally ill.

In what sense?

The Tories have made it pretty clear that they’re planning to go back on their word. Terminally ill people aren’t inherently dishonest...
Whenever I'm struggling with something - I gotta write a paper, work on grad school applications, go shopping, pay my taxes - I just clean my room up a bit, and then I feel much better and get my shit done. vOv
I didn't notice it either. Kind of blows her "argument" wide open. Also, this asshat was paid to speak at my rural public high school about eight years ago when I was still in school. She's terrible.
[URL]'s a dry run for Trump trying to hold on to power in 2020.
Who would have thought electing an obese, racist moron with a mouth that looks like an anus, would end up making America's image suffer?
Yeah, I’ve seen all the ones on yangprints but I’m wary of the QR codes. I guess you know that one works. I’ll DM you. Thanks!
The situation you're describing is pretty close to what is happening with Pete Buttigieg right now, so I'd definitely say it's possible. We'll see how it plays out, but it appears to me that a moderate dark horse isn't a bad bet moving forward.
Guess he was asleep last week.
Do I?

I mean you completely failed to defend your position. But hey, perspective is everything I guess. I’m sure you feel very certain about your unscientific stance.
Yeah, that was memorable [URL] it was the first transgender winner, and the last year the own language rule was in effect. 

Also Germany entered [this]([URL])
Damn man, I was stalking one for 2 hours after I got it, Lots of blood that just kept trailing, never found it. Gotta go back this evening and try with a blood light.  
Congrats on your hunt man.
Have they not been considering nuclear over coal?

Only a lefty thinks CO2 is worse for the planet than depleted uranium.
i'd like to point out that your criticism of her being skinny and blonde is vaguely racist

You'd like to, but it isn't, so you can't.
Sleepy Jeff is protecting the swamp


... that doesnt mean we should load busses or spotless 4x4s up with toffs and shotguns to trample the countryside half to death.

so what is the answer? Allow shooting to only fill consumption needs? Either at the butchers or personal requirements?
Orrin Hatch is so old he's now petrified.
I'll keep asking until I get a satisfactory answer: What would Van Jones know about the Mueller Investigation that the rest of us don't that makes his opinion relevant?
Fine, do that where there is demand. Three story homes are once again fashionable where land is scarce, that doesn't mean you have to start a new town in the same fashion.
Petrified of tea and crumpets. Paralyzed in fear of Sunday roast. I could go on, but won't.
Wouldn't the "transparent" answer be for Cuomo's office to deny and provide proof to deny the claims? They just deflect that they locked his father up. Why even bring that up? They should be able to immediately prove his accusations as false.
I'm disgusted by our government to the point I feel they deserve the worst things imagined in my dark mind. Trump supporters are cowards and trash . The Trump crime family must not just walk away. America needs justice.
Exactly this is diversion to blame Obama and to deflect from trumps corruption. Be vary fuking wary of taking the bait.
Here's an insight JBP has given me.  The Trolly Rail problem in ethics has long been thought unsolvable.   That's actually not true.  The solution is to not throw someone else on the tracks, but throw yourself.  The solution to poverty is not Marx; it's Christ.

[URL]
Krugman is a genius and really knows his shit. The capitalist shills, especially those in this subreddit, are petrified of him. The man has principles.
Haha oops. Quite the large oversight on my part.
Bluepilled retarded simp. And the funny thing you think you are a big deal haha
if you think it's unsolvable, then you have also proven unregulated capitalism will never be justifiable.

one does not simply open the floodgates knowing there's poison in the water.
No it isnt. Enjoy 5 years of the fat wanker hahaha
I always wanted General Powell to run for President. I felt he was legitimately the most intelligent and measured individual to come out of our military complex. I would like to know who his current day equivalent would be.
Calm down brother joe
God his face is so gross. It looks like the texture on a damp cave wall in Skyrim
If you're actually here in good faith, then I'd recommend checking out the sidebar. There's a bunch of explanations of the sub's ideology and testimonies from former conservatives that became neolibs.
 parched political dromedary

This is my new spirit animal.
So should the dems play as dirty in order to try to win too or let the republicans keep winning?
I laughed quite a lot at this. I'm really annoyed about it, but I did.
Deafening how quiet the GOP is about this garbage. But Muricans will forget after the cleanup takes place and probably elect someone worse
Not that I’m body shaming or anything, but isn’t notch like, morbidly obese? Like, even he can’t remember what he’s packing under that paunch?
In fairness, Putin's ass tastes like sweet sweet oil. And hacked emails, those are tasty too.
I'm blown away at how perfect it nails it tbh.
She's also a mean drunk.
I agree that she's highly intelligent.  Saying someone is gorgeous doesn't imply that the person isn't intelligent.  Intelligence and beauty are not mutually exclusive.
It’s true we are all petrified of an election. You certainly never see Corbyn calling for one and there is no excuse for Boris to avoid one now he can get a big majority.
Don't you dare cultivate the cheese, I just want you to squirt the warm cream on there fresh from the teat.
As usual, we have impeccable taste ;-)
Imagine if world powers funded proxy groups in Syria and the result was like pouring gas on a fire, extending a conflict into it’s 7th year. Maybe a little mediation would be preferable.
There's been rumors to that effect for a while but his likability ratings are too high among black voters for me to buy it.  Black voters don't dislike Pete, they tend to either not care about him or like him but they near unanimously *really* like Biden.
They should expect terminally ill people with nothing to lose trying to shoot them, too.
see it's a "mute" point because it means so little that it's basically inaudible 
I agree she's a centrist and appealing to Republicans, but where is the evidence she's attractive to Ds as well? I don't think she could turn out the Democratic base to win, even if she won the party's nomination.
Oh poor Sadiq. Don't you know that unkind words are just part and parcel of being on social media?
It's not funny, it's just Neoliberalism.  Pretending to give a shit about the people while still sucking the toes of big corporations.
Although we all don't like more taxes, they're freezing MP salaries in order to help attend to the debt. Their salaries may be small in comparison to the debt but it shows that we aren't the only ones being hit. 
More open and transparent than both the Clinton and Nixon impeachment investigations with the rules being written by 2015 Republicans but okay, weird flex.
It has.  There have been similar reports for months, but only right wing rags will cover it, so everyone dismisses it as propaganda.   It's the whole reason she had a doctor proclaim her impeccable health. 


Speaking of which, where is that doctor now? 
This recent development is highly unsettling and unacceptable.
No God but Allah, Mohammad .. (inaudible) .. Forever

The inaudible part is "qa2idna lil 2bad", which means our eternal leader. 
Well I'm not openly racist and chauvinistic towards China so I think by Maoist standards I'm a filthy revisionist Dengist
"Please don't go see a movie that portrays us in a negative light, even though these events actually took place. Just pretended it didn't happen. And remember, your racist/sexist and so was Richard Jewel " Says the press and wonders why people refer to them as fake news.
It’s more shocking when a group who claim to be virtuous turn out to be so nasty.
Yeah... it would be incredibly hard to succesfully commit voter fraud. If you want more information on that you can ask your local board of elections directly just how hard that would actually be.
I don't, but if I am coming out of a locked building (like my apartment) I leave it ajar.
I didn't say it was the same. In any case, the statements that have been circulating today are much more satisfactory.
You're a San Francisco libtard that is so brainwashed and obsessed with Trump you need to name hot sauce after him. Go see a psychiatrist and get some meds.
She can't read. But she's been in a wet t-shirt contest.
Scalding tea.
Is the FBI asleep?
To expand upon your excellent point oh, most western Nations simply ignore the treaties they sign anyway.

We have the Kyoto accords and the Paris agreement as shining examples of that
How ridiculous is that? XD
 
 Almost if there are different standards to what each political party is allowed to do or say. Umm I wonder why.

Because one party encompasses racists and the other requires getting everyone else in? That is no excuse for inferior legistilation.
Human rights were a part of the constitution of Bolivia. The claim is that these two sections of the Constitution contradict each other. Dont strawman. Its silly
She also said the door was ajar when she got there, but witnesses say she was banging on it and yelling to be let in. She's a liar. 
But who pays attention to the correction?

Everyone will remember the deep state and mass media's Russia claims though. And our new Cold War and putting US/NATO troops on the Russian border will continue...
Gowdy got under his skin. The unflappable Comey looked very flapped. 
If they can live by their means, we have programs such as Section 8 to keep people from being destitute.
That would actually be sick if he said that.
#####TLDR News  
**_Can You Trust Election Polling Data? - TLDR News_**  
Follow TLDR on Facebook:   
🕘 0:10:25  
📅 2019-11-14  
👍 1380 👎 38  
[UKPolitics YouTube content bot™]([URL])
It takes a 2/3 majority for impeachment. So yeah. This is going to be hilarious.
Tons of right wing voters still want to attack abortion and overturn Roe VS. Wade, which is an intolerable position in today's world for the Democrats.

I'm so tired of abortion as a wedge issue. It seems unsolvable and continues to waste mindshare in our elections. 
Ya, it's faulty, thats why I don't rely on it alone

Civility's a valuable resource and I hate myself when I make the wrong assumptions.

It happens. I've made the same mistake before.

After the primaries it's going to get super ugly. 

No doubt.
Ironic pure simulacra as slowly and slowly our "neoliberalism" as signifier of modern liberalism replaces the academic usage of neoliberalism but eventually becomes completely the same as the academic usage of neoliberalism thereby turning our sub into a brilliant example of hyperreality.
I wish he would take a look at these comments. Sir, I’m pretty sure none of us are lost on all this “legal stuff”.
Not that I'm a Trump guy but I think the bible has several stories about dirty, nasty, "ungodly" , sinners being sent by God to help Christians in their time of need. I'm not a Trump guy or a christian but sadly my family is full of both.
"People are sick and tired of filling out **forms**!"

Wait, wasn't this a Larry David as Bernie bit from SNL?!
It's what killed the dinosaurs. They went extinct because they raised their minimum wage to something considered livable.
Assume you are right how long will this take? We are kind of on a tight clock here
Man wait till they find out how common white people actually are in Mexico or that almost no one Mexico even cares about Cinco de Mayo. It's literally a just a thing for non latinos and like 5th generation ones that have no real connection to the country anymore to get drunk and eat Tacos.
Can't help but notice SNP members happy to intervene when others are speaking but annoyed to give way when they are speaking
Ah a rare double woosh
Oh, silly man.

It's hard to extort someone too irrational to sense danger.
I think for many candidates, this is a trial run for a future campaign. While I am sure at times, Kamala thought she could win the primary, she really had no chance. this is good experience to shape a potential 2028 run.
Have we learned nothing from the fall of Ancient Greece? National popular votes are not a good idea. We've known this for a long time.
Ha...I almost replied about Rand [URL] you context button.

Anyway, he had no memorable moments, no policy ideas outside the norm, and no stage presence. How is that a win?
I don't know if there has ever been a skinny Rock. I'm fairly certain he was born jacked.  
Coming up as unavailable.
People being ugly during a divorce.  That’s happens every week.  Sounds like they will both be fine once it is finished.
I agree with that - dry vegetation is great fuel.
At the time it was decided that adequate policing of the GIUK gap was more important than the economic benefits of fishing grounds. 

I'm inclined to agree. 

What makes you think we would face no international repercussions for such an act? 
I think replica in this context means a non-functional firearm, not an authentic, stamps-matching military-produced weapon as one would refer to in firearm circles.
Yes, I'm sure he simply choose to die in the freezing cold and save the money rather than living in a BnB. You won't get a bed in London for anything less than £30 a night.
What the fuck is this guy talking about. This is the most transparent shit ever
Because there was photo proof of him groping an asleep woman?
Yes. Yes we fucking do. And we dont want them in some cushy federal joint, we want them in the disgusting, filthy, inhumane, for-profit prisons they send us to.
but it's so sweet and tasty  
Yeah, do it.  Start putting out content about Yang.  It has more credibility coming from us, the people, then it does coming from his campaign.
Sounds like delicious poison like KFC
Your confusing legal immigration with illegal immigration.

If the “crisis at the border”  was lack of pencils or boredom we could talk about amnesty or a legal status. But we’re not even close since Democrats are bent on open borders.
Give him time. Hong Kong will be his fault as well if the “promise to be quiet” to Xi was accurate
&#x200B;

Warren is not ancient
wow, eat enough and you'll be as fat as that little chubby rocket man guy! :-) 
I honestly think that's one of the biggest impediments to political and intellectual growth is that labels are cultural signifiers that enforce conformity and unexamination over correctness. Sometimes people have to have that quiet [inner life]([URL]) or take the plunge.
Filthy frank?
Your aluminum hat is a bit snug
If you take everything that trump has done the most offensive thing is how he’s forced everyone to talk like a fucking idiot. “MASSIVELY unkind”. Fuck out of here.
Washington Times

(long, wet fart sound)
I don’t care  a liar like ...... with a freaky eye and chubby and just a man looking face
More stupid people being allowed to be cops I see.
Snug AF fam, Snug as fuck
And yet it's a complete bitch to recycle there. I lived there 7 years in 3 different apartment complexes, 1 small (25 ish units) and 2 large (100+ units). Not a one had any sort of recycling. Seems odd for a place that claims to be so environmentally sensitive.
an apology might be appropriate in case of germans who bent over backwards to apologize for their own guilt  

Agreed.

not a single arab i ever heard of apologized for 1948 invasion

Agreed.

But does not disprove my points.
People get fooled by actors playing roles all the time, doesn't mean the science he advocates is faulty.
For most Americans that means being hungry and homeless within a month, with no recourse once change is enacted.
You have to factor in that making guns readily available (vs unavailable) makes your scenario far more likely to happen in the first place. There's arguably not much benefit giving yourself a 50% chance to survive it if you've just made it ten times more likely to happen.
Let him try. The Queen of England is a totally unflappable badass
No way mangos are too gorgeously delicious 🥭 
Cool

Now do one for rape.
True, but imagine posting this same article on r/samharrisorg or r/IntellectualDarkWeb or other such subreddits for "free thinkers"?

Also, threads like this tend to get derailed by the small army of white nationalists and reactionaries who happen to be fans of Sam Harris.
I don't think this is racist but the tears are so salty and delicious I cant resist but to enjoy
Phhbbbttt everyone knows the Air Force does not use TP. They have them fancy bidets with an attendant who then uses soft towels and warm air to dry their bums....
Mogg's slightly unsettling charisma always throws me 
They talked about how they film 3 a day and they used to go to the local Mexican joint between sets. By the 3rd episode they were a bit tipsy.
Thank you for sharing your unique point of view.
It’s unfortunate that the Vatican is often its own worst publicist. So much good has come out of the Church, but it seems to rarely see the light of day sometimes.
[Federal minimum wage, the dark purple the actual value, light purple adjusted for 2019 USD value.]([URL])  We're close to the longest stagnation in US history.
Do you think a man who can barely read, thus literally won't read intelligence briefs is a national security threat? How about one that publicly disavows our entire intelligence apparatus and propagates russian lies? That cool?
Because nothing will give us a better education system than having exhausted underpaid teachers.  They'll be at their best in the classroom. Jesus, this guy is a turd.
I'm all for apologizing if it makes someone else feel better, because it doesn't negatively impact me at all, but there's something unsettling about personally blaming people for things their long-dead ancestors did.   Are we sure there's nobody in Dred Scott's bloodline that ever did anything wrong?   
Impeccable 
It was never about the "availability" of birth control.  The hobby lobby decision didn't make birth control unavailable.  Their employees can still get all the birth control they want. Nobody's stopping them.
Rowan Atkinson is a very intelligent man and would never send a letter like this to Erdogan.
The third, and most likely option is that they deliberately left some policies out of the manifesto so they could announce them throughout the campaign to draw continuous media attention.
Keep showing those true colors. Super "pro-life" of you. It's about punishment for you isn't it? I pity you for being so miserable.
Not sure this is exactly the situation that expression applies to....

This is more like Don't let arguably adequate be the enemy of appalling horseshit.
She just needs a damp cloth. 
What does this say about how she will react to what she considers unkind behavior if she becomes president? She sounds like the type of person who would rather shut down than face adversity which is not a quality you want in a world leader.
Enjoy having full fat Tory governments then.
The format is barely palatable. If there is a way we can relay great information to the audience, that would be better. It does flex communication skills or capacity, but anyone can say anything to get a good sound byte or answer vaguely and confidently.
I hope you're prepared for an unforgettable luncheon.

In all seriousness, ask him why the FED keeps printing money to decrease inflation, or do anything at all in relation to inflation.
"Never again, except its cool when we put people in enormous ghettos cause it already happened to us so its all good"
They aren't starving in the UK, they are living in one bed flats.

If you cared about people starving we would be looking to address those not on mass who are not on our doorstep.  But that is also a very tricky problem.
Podesta is on Ancient Aliens this year 🤣

Imagine what they'd do if Trump's chief of staff/campaign manager/secretary of state pick ended up on Ancient Aliens.
She has a toad face and she has an ugly personality too.  Just an ugly bitch, all around.
I'm really sick of double standards..
A VAT is a more comprehensive and superior revenue generator because it is far more difficult to rig the system because it is based on transactions which are well documented.
 Why would he be a nervous wreck? 

I dont know, with all innocent talk from him, one would think he would be pretty cool. But we have all been caught one time or another, so we all know this panic.
So CNN has a small line on their Web page that says GOP office in NC reportedly firebombed. "Reportedly" as if NC is a foreign, isolated country where media is scarce. Those fools probably have reporters in NC and they can't even verify it's been firebombed???? Unreal.


Kennedy  could and should have been one of the "normal" hosts acting as a bulwark against trump, instead she's a slightly smarter Ainsley.

Corey was drunk, and you'd be drunk too, if you knew you were facing several months in jail because your boss is so dumb.
I know lots of skinny asthmatics and mood disorder people... [checks your comment history]

Oh, right, T_D troll...


 has stunned her fans with her stunning figure

At least use a thesaurus if you don't know many words.
Voter fraud isn't a problem. And it's obvious certain people don't care about clean elections in the first place so what are their real motivations?
Yeah but we all know she’ll still vote against impeachment. Talk is cheap.
Maybe, but even if we no longer had billionaires in America, the world would still have billionaires that are very interested in influencing the world. 2 of the 3 world superpowers are authoritarian governments and they will be happy to accumulate influence/power if we remove Americans from the bidding process
I like him too, but I'm not planning on voting for him this time around. I just get tired of and angry at his incessant, ardent, irrational, illiberal supporters online. Those m'fers are militant loons and they seem to be getting crazier.
OK, who said they were doing that? You have moved the goal posts. Texas has a rainy day fund they are refusing to use. 
Merry Christmas you disgusting fat slob.
I would be wary of relying on a piece of software to do conflict checks. I imagine, "The software said it was cool," won't be a satisfactory answer if you end up having a conflict.
And while we are at it, why not fuck all the poor people already in this country that haven't see wage increases in 10 years 

"Arguments Republicans never make about the minimum wage."
Democrats like Julian Castro pointed to the shooting as another horrific outcome due to lax gun laws and poor leadership.

Imagine being in this level of denial
So the whole idea of white people going extinct is nonsense.
 
So you deny population projections many of which are done by mainstream sources that whites will become a minority in most western countries by 2050?

Who would of thought that people would get sick of 3rd world immigrants destroying their country.

Good for you UK!
You really think someone would do that, just go on the internet and tell lies?

Honestly, it’s sad how transparent it is.
That's the way it is with all actors actresses, and musicians. They're all the same and mediocre.
"Definitely unintentional". You sure seem real certain of that lol. I mean, it doesn't seem beyond reason that Trump made a pretty decent joke.
After sending the email, Mitt quickly took a scalding hot shower to try and clean his dirty conscience.

Edit: spelling
It was seriously good. Had the day off of work. Little rainy early in the day but that cleared up and it stayed overcast and pretty warm for November. Great day to be out in the woods and a good evening to warm yourself by a Democratic Party fire.
Something along the lines of “you can get books without having to put on pants”. It really was a brilliant idea that became more brilliant when they realized that they could just become the provider of literally everything to everyone everywhere
I guess I am forced by brute, unkind reason, then, to accept this joyless universe. The fact that this conclusion is quite kind to my social status, and therefore permits me that much more joy in my life, is of course a completely unrelated state of affairs.
#THE MADMAN!

I'm delighted! Once again, President Trump gives zero fucks.
 Remember when you were little and you lost your Mum or Dad in a shopping centre?
 
 You were petrified.

God damn it, that it right where it hurts.
The older one was a hell of a post.  Sorry things haven't been working out for you on the job front.  Seems like you have excellent skills to be a writer.
Yeah, now you try to remember and correctly punch in a 4 digit code in the dark with your wife freaking out beside you.
Is that a good thing?

It seems to me that more and more things fall into the category of “artificially scarce”

Won’t be long until we could live in a post-scarcity society... with the only real scarce resource is land and water
I'm a Mizrahi Jew in the US, and I know at least a few of us who are extremely annoyed that he's picking sides in US politics.
Its not bad though. Thats just your opinion you filthy bootlicker
That would be pretty cool if we could clone our Reddit account over to [URL]

I'd hop over and make an account in a hot minute.
Sometimes God has a twisted sense of humor
Joke: [The Message]([URL])

Broke: [Tipsy]([URL])

Woke: [Errbody int he club gettin tipsy ;A; RIP SNOOP DOGG]([URL])
WHAT? Nothing for an unknown mediocre artist who died 116 years ago either!
Sarah Palin was *wrong*? We must investigate this unsettling revelation. 
It says unavailable 
We should get every US allies (no, not Russia and Turkey) to collude with the Dems and investigate every next Republican candidate in exchange for foreign policies. It's all cool and legal now.
If it was one dude with four women it would be "horrific" and "tooxic mascoollonidy"

This? This is something to celebrate. Fuckin A right, pal.
Your lefty credentials are impeccable - misogynistic and stupid. 

Or was that sarcasm?
Squeaky clean?  Is that why half of his senior campaign staff got convicted?  Sure, and OJ was aquitted, so he's innocent too, right?
Here are a few quotes from my FB feed - needless to say, I'm plenty hydrated today...

This is literally my worst nightmare. I’m terrified.

Sad, despondent, petrified, paralyzed, [URL] many emotions

This is horrible news. It makes me so afraid
Nobody is jerking off over Tulsi.  Democrats are eating their own and it's amazing, but you want to shut down the celebration.  You got a twisted perspective on this.
It's simple, really.  A once-in-a-lifetime event happens.  The government capitalizes on it to pass a "solution."  When there's not an immediate repeat of said rare occurrence, they can claim success.  Everybody feels warm and fuzzy, and they get to act superior. 
The question to Bernie about whether democrats should encourage 'lock him up' chants was absolute garbage. If you go back and watch you can see/hear Yang laugh out loud when they finished that question.
Then the robots can picket in the rain, while the workforce is snug and warm at home.
I'd like to point out that you can call your local campaign office or Democratic office and ask them if you need a ride, I'm sure they'd be delighted to help.  This is what's it's all about, folks, getting everybody to their polling location!


Bananas how angry the media has made these people..
On purpose

Get a progressive to watch this:
[URL]
She's going to win a nice, snug orange suit and free room and board.
Scalding fucking take from the other end of the classroom:

Disastrous test score spreads say more about the quality of the students than anything else.
Those who downvoted you, do they think astrophysics and climate science are the same fields? Unsettling
Ok bring all of your food to my house I’m hungry. 
It's likely not about meeting any credible legal standard but creating a perception with gullible voters.  An honest media would expose it but our complicit leftist propaganda ministry is helping.
Settle down there Trump. I think you'll find plenty of the contracts strongly favoured the US. When you have someone bent over, penetration is usually what follows. The reach around is just a pleasantry.
 Yes, the Nazis were socialists

Lmao, no point in arguing politics with someone unfamiliar with the basic terminology. Have a good day, my dude.
Looks like the article mentions that the only major change made was the tour group was not able to go to Tel-Aviv due to security concerns. Other than that, everything seems to be going as planned. You will have a fantastic and unforgettable time! I wish I could go again.
Quotes and context! [19 unforgettable quotes from legendary Marine Gen. James 'Mad Dog' Mattis]([URL])
Gives me warm fuzzies😀🇺🇸
I agree that the fit is weird. My two both are really tight through the body and I'm a skinny guy (like cross country runner skinny). I can't imagine anyone who is even a little bit chubby being able to wear it. I still wear them almost every day :)
Excellent news! Now even their skewed polls can no longer hide the Bernie Sanders surge! That's why the attacks on him are ramping up they know he has a real chance of winning and they are running scared! Keep donating and volunteering and we will win this for sure!
Maybe the request to look into the Bidens was not purely political but rather an effort to clean up corruption.  Corruption that Joe was bragging about.
yah, Canada isn't socialist.  Sweden is socialist.  We are snug right in-between Europe and the US mindsets.  
Damaged DNA =/= A growing Tumor

I'm not attacking you, that's just what happened to her.
Look at it all snug and smug, lol
Throw those contradictions into stark distinction, comrades. Labour failed, and may not be capable of seriously contending with the establishment. It might be time to split the party and force the establishment into the open. I’m open to being wrong.
Not in Trump land! In Trump land, law enforcement should announce investigations on CNN as soon as possible for maximum election impact. But don't worry, it's all about combating corruption. No political motivation whatsoever, and how *dare* you suggest ulterior motives, you witch hunter.
The cars salesman tactic.. The them wait for so long that their too exhausted to put up much of a fight.
Yup. The hair throws me off but she is definitely gorgeous 
I bet you guys a gallon of cleanish water® that within 2 decades damaging a fast food kiosk will get you 30 years.  
"I'm a kind person, I'm kind to every one. But if you are unkind to me then kindness is not what you'll remember me for." 

-Al Capone

.          - Albert Einstein 

.               - Michael Scott

.                        - etc 
Holy shit at all of the [inaudible]s!  They pay like $1,000 for transcription services. You're telling me, they can't keep up?

Get a better mic or something. So stupid.
We are still in an ice age, as there is perennial ice at both poles. However we came out of the last glacial period, and entered the current Holocene interglacial around 11,500 years ago.

All of Human civilization has arisen in this period marked by a relatively stable and warm global climate regime.
Brilliant appropriate idea!
Every system will be gamed , [URL] The key is to change the system every once in awhile so you keep it cleanish
You need to be highly educated to design a bridge. Things like pouring concrete, using forklifts etc don't really need training. Manual labor really isn't less useful if they're homeless. 
I agree about the black community not being welcoming to gays, but I think when they see his Douglas plan and hear his views, they could accept him.
In the words of Dark Adventure Radio Theater, "save the last bullet for yourself."
He's at Mar-a-Lago this weekend, so I'm sure it fell into a big beautiful gorgeous shitter, the best shitter.
just a light snack. two buckets of extra crispy.
"A low level covfefe boy, I never knew him, but, he seems like a good guy"
Hm. And how did we learn that 1+1=2? We *observed* it as something that happens when we put one thing with another. What an absolutely idiotic statement. All information is learned through observation. All scientific facts are learned through observation. The scientific method is, itself, a controlled method for observing.
Maybe he's just saying that if he knew the kid was gay, he would have remembered because of all the memories he has from high school, bullying kids he knew were gay are the most unforgettable??
You can tell just by looking at her that she is so dirty.
Saying trump is a great president is NOT a fact. I’m not here to say you’re wrong or right, I’m saying that it’s an opinion to say he’s a great president. It’s impossible to prove what’s simply not a fact
When they call out my comments here and how I'm a shitlord I tell them to go look at the compliments I leave on subs for chubby girls. Usually they back off. 
For future reference OP, if you want to of [URL] use [URL] for upload purposes.

Imgur engaged in censorship during earlier phases of the campaign and those of us who were around boycotted them. We would be delighted if you would join the effort.
Money held in U.S banks, with the individuals living outside of the UK.

America:

"What's the suspected crime on which we're freezing these assets for you?"

Corbyn's Gov:

"Being REALLY RIGHT WING REEEEEEE"


[URL] isn't going to work I'm afraid.
I keep seeing posts from people about how their family has gone crazy. And then I see posts complaining others aren't fixing the crazy....





I feel like there's this more direct approach of possible, instead of simply whining.


But I just can't seem to put my finger on it...
 You mean 'objectively referencing data'?
  
Most white people voted for Trump.  It was nowhere near close.
   
Sorry if that generates the enormous rage that mediocre white guys feel when mildly inconvenienced or expected to take responsibility.
  
You should start blaming 'them' any time now.  
  
ENJOY!
You’re likely a child molester yourself. So vehemently protective of your fearless leaders loli affliction and all.
And it does not "usually" happen, revolutions are rare.

This country was born out of a revolution...

Like when was the last time the "rich were allowed to run amok" and had their wealth seized?

The New Deal
Yes, yes, exactly that. You underestimate how much joy the wealthy get from both watching us toil in a factory and then be so poor we cant afford what we make. Gives them a huge erection (because they are usually men)
 The constitution is a living document.

That's crazy, it was perfect when it was written, next thing you'll be saying we can just **amend** it!

/s
Thanks. What a miserable show all around.
It's nasty in Austin during the summer. Bugs, high temps, and major humidity.

If the drugs are cheap enough none of that matters, however.
I mean, that is the general tactic isn’t it? The election period is always the time you see “Have the Tories finally shed the title of the Nasty Party?” articles start flitting about, and the answer is always swiftly answered “no” three weeks into government.
Al . Com is reporting machine issues in some polling locations due to damp ballots for the rain and people pushing to hard on ballots, punching holes in the paper 
Regardless of how it worked out, we are not a democracy and that seems to be lost on most people. Majority doesn't rule. A democratic republic prevents the large population bases from dictating all public policy. It has never been a 'majority rules' process.
Hypocrisy isn't very delicious.
So a liberal does bad liberal things and you still blame conservatives?
It All started.... when that one woman spilled scalding hot coffee on her crotch.. and got 3 Million. And then they implemented "Caution : Hot" on cups..

And then Paris Hitlon trademarked "That's Hot" ... and I was like what the fuck? How do you trademark words.
Scalding take: the Pacific Northwest is the best place for beer.
Isn't it amazing how Pete Buttigieg supporters would rather resort to outright casual racism than spend even a moment consudering why black people don't support their candidate?
Warm car  cold bus stop
We used to say "4chan is where smart people pretend to be dumb". Then the line between the fantasy and the reality got too blurry, and now it's  a horrific realization of what used to be just a fucked up joke. 
At least they're in the right ballpark. I get more annoyed when people call us fascists or Pinochet supporters.
I think when we were trying to get to 6k we restarted the israel schism and in that thread we negotiated an idea that both factions found satisfactory.
VA Accountability! No one is held accountable these days! Brilliant!
Bot broken.
 it's sure as hell not freezing where there are bushfires ravaging the country.

It literally is snowing in the Australian alps and has been since last week.

[URL]
Turkey is a member of the EU. Time for the EU to clean up their mess. Only threat to the kurds is from turkey, a member of the EU.
Shes a dumb fat bitch. Cant stand her
If he has no bones then answer this: how would he have bone spurs? Checkmate, Sleepy Joe!
The analysis was almost adequate. 
Definitely not the latter, sorry I disagree. However I have heard liberal and conservative used to describe a multitude of things. If that is what economic liberal means to you what does economic conservatism mean?

Large government?
And Trump supporters are mostly white people scared to become the minority in "their own" country.  It really is racism at its heart.  It took me a while to agree with this sentiment since I have family who are Trump supporters but there it is. Miller just makes it even more clear.
This is getting very...  unsettling. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
She was kind of attractive when she was young.
Jumping ship. Why, because he stated factual things about his opponent when his opponent keeps bull shitting every time her mouth is slightly ajar?
Yes, and the president is constitutionally obligated to nominate justices, and the senate is constitutionally obliged to confirm or deny. So the irony here is palatable. It's also rather funny that they claim that Obama ignores the constitution, and then they totally ignore the constitution 
There are plenty of liberals here, we just have no power. I go democrat, because there aren't options further left. We got soaked under the trickle-down hoax.I

Edit word
Intermarriage is more likely. There are plenty of based, family oriented, patriotic Hispanic folks out there. Hell I have a bunch of based, pickup truck driving, gun owning good ole boy Hispanic friends. And thet have some gorgeous cousins. Yeah I like Latinas. 
- Only posts from Canadian subreddits or websites are allowed, i.e: National, Provincial, Municipal, or other Canada-related discussion subs. International content is acceptable if it is relevant to Canada.

- Do not post an excessive amount of new submissions within a short period of time.
Given the number of people responding saying “BuT CAnaDa!!!” I think it’s safe to say they’re the exception that proves the rule. Literally not a single country in Europe or Asia has this asinine idiotic policy. Why should we?
Its almost like the government can't provide adequate food when provided with all the required tools 🤔
Have a great show! We caught Tuesday night and I wish I was in Columbus right about now. I was at this very memorable Friday the 13th show once upon a time  [URL]~[URL]
Being an autist and proudly proclaiming you're an autist are two entirely different things. You shouldn't virtue signal your ineptitude or "spectrum of retardation" unless it comes with some tasty corruption research you've uncovered. 


Did you read the original essay? They already made that crystal clear.
Not more of a target than any big crowd, which there are many of in cities
The guys point is that the Tea that they dumped wasn't a pitiful amount of tea, it was entire years worth of merchandise condensed and concentrated bricks of tea, but muh property damage. Filthy terrorist colonists.
Some interventions are good.

Some interventions are bad.

We have had a large enough number of bad experiences to merit intervening less.

But we should always keep it as an option and not let the ghost of Iraq prevent us from using intervention in the future when it could really help.
It seriously is. 

**"You wasted your time, your client's time, the defendant's time, and this court's time. Let this ruling against you be a painful but unforgettable reminder to NEVER PULL THIS BULLSHIT AGAIN."**
next thing you know, the senate might for a temporary bipartisan  democracy caucus and clean up some latent corruption thats been allowed to fester because some moderates refuse to cut their losses on political power.
Fwiw, I am skinny and drink diet drinks to stay in line with my daily calorie limit. Used to be fat, works for me. 
Excellent question! TRUMP BAD IMPEACHMENT GOOD
"Service unavailable" ... well played sir.
No, as available and affordable as abortions.

And coupled with adequate solutions to all those points that pro-choicest are wary of.
My money is he got scared when people started realizing he illegally obtained and published private phone records.

“They weren’t even the correct numbers in question” is a sketchy defense. But this is Schiff we’re talking about.
Here is one for you:A cat on a cat walk - this one cheered me up today. Notice how unflappable the models are

 [URL]
scalding a child in a shower

What The Fuck
Wowzers she is stunning!
I canceled my NYT subscription after their recent fuckups, but I’ll be keeping my Jeff Bezos Amazon WaPo subscription, for sure. It’s actually pretty cheap if you already have an Amazon Prime account.
Hell yeah we were! You thought you found it rough that old world peasants used to drop like flies to diseases that no one dies to now? Well we brought that back! And thought the world flat in the dark ages! Brought that back too! AND we fucked the climate!
Many conservatives oppose single payer because they are used to the concept that markets are more efficient at allocating scarce resources than government is. What they fail to realize is that there is ample evidence that markets don't work in healthcare. Prices don't decrease, and overconsumption is rampant.
The GOP added a requirement that all restitution has to be paid, which can be very difficult for felons. They've essentially turned it into a poll tax.
Bezos, while kind of a tool, started amazon by selling books out of his garage. 

Pretty cut and dry concept so why do you communists despise him?
These presidential candidates aren't going to smear themselves in an attempt to make the Traitor King seem more palatable.

Fuck the treasonous president* and his weak, spineless, capitulating party. I look forward to voting for Harris (or whoever the eventual nominee is). 
Why can’t Dems “do the same”

Whatboutism.

That would piss El Cheetos off.

Obligatory /S.

*Edit:  Apparently some people don’t understand sarcasm.
Those kind of doors can’t be left unlocked. Someone from that apartment complex posted this [video]([URL])

[Disproving]([URL]) the unlocked and ajar bit. (They force themselves closed)
 pedantic 

You realize that the resulting sound is still like 136+ dB right?  That’s hardly “quiet”. Does little more than take the edge off a round.
That is literally the worst advice possible.
In nexts week news, water is wet and the sky is blue
I know measles is MMR. I don't think people should spread disease but there have been 1300 measles cases this year and no deaths. This is not a crisis. 80000 people died from the flu last year. Should we force quarantine everyone with a cold?
I’m assuming this is backed up by Labour’s private polling. Otherwise they wouldn’t have Lavery (ridiculous decision) doing adverts to miners.
Well yes, their capitalists overlords are scared of the big bad socialists that lay around eating their precious gold so that the population can have adequate healthcare and services
Over tens or hundreds of thousands of years, provided that intelligence is purely genetic and that we can control the other factors, maybe?  It remains a relatively unsolvable problem, though, without the use of eugenics.  
As a Jewish person I’m more annoyed at their grammar. It’s *theyre Jewish. Not “their are Jewish”
China = bad and you’re a complete dumbass drinking the Koolaid if you think otherwise. 

They literally have active concentration camps. Ever heard of Nazi’s?
“warm and wonderful “ to describe meetings families of those killed?
This is like "Blacks for Trump." How is this guy in the lead? What kind of dark foreign money is he getting?
When Henry Ford Revolutionised working people yhought he was idiotic, the 4 day week has been successful in trials, there's no reason over the 10 years Labour plan to implement it can't work
Haven't you learned yet?  If the democrats and media say it, it's a thing.  Sit down and be quiet, racist bigot.
To make his comments memorable. 
Holy shit you pseudo intellectuals saw one Snapchat story and now think the media hates monogamy. Calm down cum brains
And I will be delighted if party registration correlates to electoral results; however, until that time, the point remains that the original comment was ludicrous.
While political contributions are fine, there's a high chance CrowdPac has touched some foreign money, so be wary about using it as it might get the campaign it donates to in trouble. (Not that campaign finance laws aren't some of the most crazily esoteric things that exist.)
It’s exactly related to sponsorship deals and what is allowed on tv cameras. Cam Newton got fined 10k a few years ago for a tiny under armour logo on his face mask visor. 

I mean, you get fined if you wear your socks incorrectly.
A vagina, mouth, or anus is not a door to be locked or left ajar. That's why.
Satan and [URL]’s everywhere, in the open  for all to see. 
Gotta choose sides, God or Satan cause this is gunna be a very big war if we don’t unite as Americans and stand strong. 
This is some twisted stuff
When RBG goes, it's going to be Christmas. 

I will be happy to partially fund a number of lawsuits to reclaim the 2A and a whole lot of other sanity we've lost over the years.
Radical change can't be justified unless a country is broken. So in their minds, it must be broken, even though it's a successful, desirable country.
I think /u/xxxxx might be a paid shill. Most likely a bought account 


[URL]
lol why so angry?
I do enjoy the rare exception to Betteridge's Law of Headlines.
[Unforgettable]([URL]) :D
+5.6 swing. On the small side for the SNP so far.
Ok then. Free healthcare isn't the term I just made up, it's an established term for healthcare that doesn't charge you. I am sorry I offended you by using it...
Pretty much confirms what I’ve always known. Large parts of this country would leave me to rot because I’m poor, but not the ‘good’ kind of poor.

Regardless, I’m now an ‘ultra privileged liberal elite remainer’ by association.
You sound like a Trump fan trying to argue process rather than the facts and ethics of some action he's done. The relevant issue here is whether or not the content *itself* is valuable.
That thing is hideous.
I’m going to doubt it. 

Bussing is a complex, unpopular and these days niche topic. I think folks will try to make it the “superpredator” moment, but I don’t think anyone will get bent out of shape enough to be disillusioned from voting.
Well fuck that non-functional website. It's trying so hard to open ads it's just breaking entirely
“The Bad Shit rate jumped to 43% this weekend in Chicago...”
So a president can self deal out in the open and as long as the dictionary doesn't narrowly match his crimes he has to go free? Sounds like a loophole in the constitution.
Also Matt Gaetz has been arrested on more than 1 occasion for driving while drunk in Florida, but that particular glass house doesn't seem important to him while he chucks rocks.
Mordaunt just got into the driver’s seat of a damp Vauxhall Astra and when asked if she’d back the PM she gave a glare like when you put paracetamol in the wife’s birthday card. 

[Happening.]([URL])
Peak filthy frank is the last time I was healthy
child custody cases

I've actually seen stats on this one so I know you're just wrong about that.  The other two I wouldn't be able to argue as satisfactory but I suspect you are wrong about them too.
This is heartbreaking. Poland needs to clean up its act.
One or the dumbest things I ever read on ESS was that Bernie was only popular because he had a cool, exotic name ... Bernie Sanders is like the most bland name ever of the past 90 years.
You'll not change the game by taking dirty money. Dems have been saying this for decades and have never changed.

Warren is a liar and keeps trying to fool the electorate.
 Actually, she's light years better than Trump.

This was a stunning statement?
Lol, the antifa “chubby chad” made an appearance at the end.
"seem to bee fairly low IQ"
I wouldn't mind lean meats, fruits/veggies, juice/milk, cereal, etc.

People (American citizens) can be down on their luck and I have empathy. But Pringles and prime rib aren't food options to prevent people from starving.
1) the "social phenomenon" of morality is where we've interpreted our ideas of good and evil. And that's still relative

2) infringing? War monger McCain is being his authentic self, cancerous and all. I'm just rooting for the terminally ill side of his authentic self.
To clarify, they certainly care about their looks, but they're quite content to be good-looking in the context of whatever subculture they identify with. So I would not expect a green haired SJW teen to even entertain the thought that being "performatively traditionalist/unwoke" might make her more attractive.
They're definitely making it crystal clear which party more closely resembles a cross section of [URL] I missed a memo or something and we're now a 95% male and 100% white country
Must be a joke about "dank," which means something similar to damp.
* White **& Rich** America.

Fixed it for you Mayor of London.
I've been mulling over the water-diamond paradox all day, definitely gives me something to think about. I have an answer, but it's not a particularly satisfactory one.
Pelosi lied to rabble rouse, once again Mueller found no evidence of collusion. That is crystal clear. Almost all charges stemming from the investigation relAted to activities sometimes years prior unrelated to Trump or Russia, like Manafort.
This is the process of being part of the New World Order and wage competition vs the destitute poor. Keep voting in the Bushes, Clintons, and Obamas, and you'll all be making 20 cents an hour. But you'll have Obamacare. 
You know cops respond to sensitive situations sometimes?

I'm sure the domestic violence victim really want their face plastered all over the internet for everyone in town to see.
With Sessions , Mattis , Kelly , Bannon, Tillerson, and now maybe Ross, Trump might actually be  running out of functional old white guys. Maybe if Trump wasn't so nasty he might get some decent coloured help to help him out.
The satisfactory standard is perfection, this as I said will not happen. That is not because we are Americans, rather because we are human. 
Hell, they have the same attitude towards the laws, and seeing as they're not punished for breaking those...

What we need is some actual law and order against white collar and political criminals.
How do you know if you know if you (or your child) is healthy/growing properly/ over/under weight, etc?

Lol under communism you'll just know they're underweight cause you'll all be starving.
And if they still support Trump, they're neither informed nor principled. Because he's illiterate on the economy and trade (and on virtually everything within the presidency's ambit) and policy, and his antics are costing the country billions, alongside an enormous budget deficit that the GOP created.
Tbh he still looked better than she did, that wacky grin she constantly has plastered all over of face literally makes her seem like an alien pretending to be a human.
**"This video is unavailable"**
There are more hungry people in the US right now than there are in Cuba, or there ever were in the Soviet Union

wut. [URL]
Lol Christ... so ridiculous.  Funny thing is you probably talk about how police are terrorizing communities as well.  Which is it?  If they’re terrorists maybe you should be glad if they go to your community less.
No, of course he doesn't. He is on a Trump induced lying binge. Probably choked down that tough Trump brand steak and then drank to much of that swill he calls wine. He just a little tipsy that is all.
Doug and Chelsea clearly hate each other. Doug is the sketchiest person ever. He is petrified Chelsea will blow the lid on the foundation and teneo.
They’re in favor of light touch regulation that opens up markets.  Specifically of types that don’t involve subsidies to create technology but rather make the companies themselves innovate.  
  
A phase out of old tech that breaks a monopoly (and cartel for that matter) is the sort of thing they like.
Lowes Home Improvement is petrified of what would happen if one of their 14 DC's became unionized.  As an engineering, I've had to go through "the training" about all the shit you have to do in just the case that that word is mentioned.  Super Lame
Modern problems are not hard to be understood and solved, it is politicians and "experts" who like to put them in a unnecessarilly complex way so that we cannot understand them.
More scarce resources. The alternative scenario presumably being that the asteroid is more difficult to access (there profit is lower, and probably very much a loss), society is better off having it than not having it.
Open the borders up; stop having them be closed
Imagine how fat he'd be without those drugs. Most speedfreaks I've met were skinny.
Absolutely horrific title and you should be ashamed.
wannabe? what? yeah man i wish i was a big soldier boy!!!! lol calm down
2+ million stops per year.  Crime continued to drop even after racially-motivated S&F was curtailed by the courts, and NYC's drop in crime mirrors the national trend of falling crime rates during that same time period, even compared to other large cities that did not institute illegal racially-motivated policing.
The Mash report last week had a similar take on Brexit being the final season of "the UK" it was brilliant!
This is literally the conservative wet dream
The wet start
Kirkpatrick Sale was one of most memorable recent ones. 
Lots a restaurant's stay open on the backs of illegal immigrants and cooks they pay a shitty stagnant wage.

Worked in the industry 10 years, people losing their business who pay their employees dogshit and subsidize the front of the house with tips from customers dont deserve to stay open, sorry.
Steele is just as much of a dirty slug.
#[THE CHARISMA OF A DAMP RAG]([URL])
Just because you did not upvote it doesn't mean there aren't thousands of us who do upvote it.  That tinfoil hat is pretty snug in your head.
Anyone else sick and tired of these government organizations having “serious performance failures” at high levels??

Sounds like a change of the guard is in order.
Wouldn't want to go a day without resetting the "days without telling a blatant, provable lie" dry erase sign at the check-in counter of the Whitehouse.  At this point it's their identity.  If it ever reached 1 we'd better be fucking concerned.
My response was a bit tongue in cheek. However there is a loud minority that blame capitalism for the housing shortage. They would like to see all housing owned by the government to which I ask who gets to live where?
When a significant part of your ideology is about killing people who disagree with you, you don't really need to try and make it more palatable.
Exactly my position on stuff like this but there have been many unforgettable experiences, some sucessful some not so much but I've  made some good friendships from twenty odd years on the front line. Solidarity!
They just wanted to get rid of 8chan for a while now, and just used this as an excuse.  
But their move to ZeroNet probably opened up an enormous shitstorm for the ones who wanted 8chan gone.  


Because now they are basically invincible.
For a short time this winter BC was the closest destination to the colder Provinces where the fuel solution used to lower the freezing temperatures of gasoline was itself freezing.
People didn't accuse each other of 'micro-aggressions'.

Either they took offense and settled it with a duel, or they weren't and didn't.

I'm talking general levels of casual civility relevant to dueling, and you've added on various large things that aren't.
Literally just said cant fool me again to my coworker while pouring concrete today, we both had a chuckle.
And notice their deafening silence on the plan he released to begin to substantively address racial inequality after what happened in Seattle. They only cared about the drama of the direct action, not the substance of what the candidate or the people who preempted him were actually talking about.
Yeah because the Clinton family record has been spotless and scandal free in the public eye up until now.
Seriously, why are we still reporting on this as "a stunning upset" instead of "a compromised electoral system"
“No one actually knows anything about the conflict except the twisted, oversimplified media that makes it into their bubbles.”

*cites a personal opinion blog as counter evidence*

Ok dude
Isn't that the same "meteorologist" who climate deniers have been parading for years? See his writing on wattsupwiththat. A ancient denier blog spreading disinfo on the subject for years. He's been purposely misinterpreting data for big oil for a long time.
Lmao hot take that Mao was marxist
When the Proud Boys march in Portland, they park at a big grocery store across the river in Washington state and take the light rail to downtown Portland. I suppose that's because they're too cheap to pay for parking.
That's fuck all. I hope nobody seriously considers that cost to be inappropriate for investigation of possible treason when Trump alone has spent enormous amounts of taxpayers money just on golf trips.
I see your silly little game... If someone goes out and murders people and calls themself a Christian you are gonna blame Christianity
 Sorry but your intelligence is mediocre at best and these lackadaisical rebuttals bore me. 
 
Better than being an angry drunk
 Like preventing companies from becoming monopolies in core markets and forcing everyone to accept their terms. 

Imagine thinking this is possible.
Same. I think it’s a tall skinny guy thing. You a tall skinny guy too?
Let me calm you down for a moment.

Most of the pro-choice advocates are against third trimester abortions. (What matters for them is compatibility with life if removed.)
Intelligent and mature response, people should really care about your opinion.........
Is a non-partisan body responsible for setting up polling stations?

If it is anything like the USA the responsible party might have a vested interest in making it harder to vote in certain areas.
I’d have to be drunk to kiss any of them!
I found [The Case for Legalizing Drugs]([URL]) an excellent and comprehensive read. On a similar topic, Glenn Greenwald wrote a [long study ]([URL]) on the effects of drug decriminalization in Portugal for the Cato Institute.
Kavanaugh's record is soo spotless, they should have not even bothered trying to smear him.  But they want power, and they want it BAD.
It's dirty santa with Iran, NK, USA, Israel and Russia. 50 Megaton limit.
They haven't made any comments so far today. I think they are just asleep.
Dude you are still posting the scalding hot take of “its ok to kill Nazis” while that’s literally a cbs commercial.


Seriously? That's awesome. Link?
And a really obese orange rat.
If a candidate can't release his tax returns he doesn't deserve to get elected. It's really that simple and transparent.
I actually completely agree here. Trump is just the ultimate "saying the quiet part out loud" candidate.
In Ancient Greece, in addition to voting on matters of policy, the public would also vote to see if anyone needed exiling from society.
I did read it as a poor young person. It sounded attractive until I realized it is completely  inconsistent with human nature.
This is a truly excellent comment!  I have always been a little conflicted about this woman.  I find her personally annoying, but I'm glad she's doing what she's doing and I hope she continues to do it and is successful.
It seems about half of the US wishes for a socialist paradise like the Soviet Union, and much of the rest want socialism light enforced at gunpoint. Those who celebrate the fall of tyrannical socialist regimes are the minority, compared to those who wish to implement them.
Ehhh.  I think the fact that it was a black & white photo of poor quality (which was then reprinted in a yearbook) may have had a lot to do with how dark he appeared.  Reds tend to show up much darker with a black & white photo than a colour photograph might.
Delaware pede checking in, how’s my boy sleepy Joe doing?
My new consumer motto is to support any business or organization that Trump labels “nasty”.
This is very good advice.
In Washington state we did a skinny repeal in 1995 of an ACA-like passed by Democrats after 1992. It went about as you expected: the individual market in WA died and there were literally no individual insurers left by 2000.
Because I can?

It was just a matter of time when turning 18 didn't mean someone is actually an adult considering they can't do certain things but are expected to act like adults.
Didn't the people that replied in your previous thread about this topic give you a satisfactory answer?

[URL]
Pretty sure Al Roker is drunk at the Thanksgivings Day Parade
Not a single Retweet... With 71% original content, he is approaching AI generated bot speed...
What did she say about the passing shower (a sign of God's blessing on a parched land and an offer of cleansing) during the inauguration? Did she say (mockingly) something like it was a sign of heaven's disfavour?

Anyone member? 
Obligatory [Naked Andrew Yang Emerges from Time Vortex to Warn Debate Audience About Looming Threat of Automation]([URL])
I fucking love Blaire White.
I would like unanimous consent to enter into the record that I don't NEED to take my nap I am NOT TIRED & this is NOT FAIR
Like Napoleon said,”Never interrupt your enemy while he is making a mistake”.  Yes these people are our enemies.  They have been giving us delicious sound bites non stop as well as cold KFC.  Americans are smart enough to see right through this ridiculous bullshit.
College has simply become an end to get a GREAT paying job. It's no longer an opportunity for people to grow personally and intellectually. It's twisted.
Lmao. Spotless Obama. Sure, Joe.
Nancy: 'Don't clap, we're the party of civility now. This is not a happy resolution.'  


I think that's what the look said
You can't accomplish anything if you don't even try. All "impossible" feats that were proven to be possible would have stayed impossible unless someone tried.
I am not talking about comparing blue collar work with white collar work.

I am talking about some work that is more dangerous, or deleterious to one's health, or physically discomforting, or extremely laborious.

Is it really so difficult to see this?
If the republicans wanted to stay in the White House, they shouldn’t have broken the law multiple times and should have maybe done their jobs while in office. And the electoral college shouldn’t have voted in an insane, unquestionably unqualified asshole. President Pelosi? Yes, please.
If only someone would consolidate all of these disjoint content streams into a single subscription service where I could select specific groups or packages of content I wanted to see and pay for them on a tiered system accordingly.
He’s sleepy because he’s signing indictments 20 hours a day working overtime AF.  
It looks like an aged hippie commune, a cult, at all these tiny prep rallies. Compare to Trump rallies and suddenly I realize all elections are stolen.
*gulp* omg this is so tasty! suddenly I am feeling like people shouldn’t be such racist assholes all the time! What the hell is in this stuff?!
[URL]

This one off the top of my head. There's an outright lie in the op. The fbi didn't contradict, they obfuscated. This is the status quo. You're probably just annoyed this time because you're on the wrong side of it for once
I'm sure the ignorant, destructive tweets of an aging, chubby political moron won't gain
much notice in the press.  
LOL @ r/Republican doesn't even have a mention of this story... scared? They oughtta be!
Yeah, that way there's less humanity involved and it's easier to be unkind and condescending. 
Because they rightly *don't* want to be associated with white-nationalist terrorism.  I applaud them for condemning it, but it's the deafening silence from the President that's really speaking volumes here and he's the figurehead of the Republican party right now.
No offense but what do you consider rich?  It varies by where you live but where I’m from the 1% is 400k and I would call that the low end of rich. Times have changed and the tax brackets are outdated
It'll just be a keep calm and carry on poster
Wow, I want the same thing as Trump. Huh, I guess hell must be freezing over. 
He’s the rare person that likes TLJ THAT much, so take it with a grain of salt
Bernie and Trump supporters were drinking from the left and right sides of the same trough.  The hideous corruption that has turned American politics into a sick joke.  Welcome, afterberners.  Drain.  The.  Swamp.
We have to do that at work in our office. Apparently facilities get reports of it being too hot and too cold at the same time, so us freezing is the happy medium.
I didn't see that. I did see the chubby pedophile dude with the sunglasses was attacking her. But that makes her seem more credible. 
credible

[[URL]]([URL])

e: The content of what (s)he's saying is definitely part of what makes it credible. So yes, yes it does.
I think "both the lawyer and the client are suspected criminals" would be adequate warrant to breach the privilege therein. 
With a mouth slightly ajar, for potential insertion.
where ‘replacement’ = ‘hole in the ground with sick people in it’ and ‘plan’ = ‘warm air that’s slightly damp.’
Slurps up liquidity like a parched man at a tiny puddle in the middle of the desert, more like.
What is sad is that was the argument used by Republicans about why Kavanaugh's time working for Bush could not be thoroughly investigated. Taking a few weeks to vet someone for a post that will be held for 30-40 years is apparently impossible.
Mean bastards, selfish, mean, unkind, dicks.
Ozone is a greenhouse gas so I don't think anyone was saying its causing global warming. 

It was causing increased UVB light in areas of the world where it was depleted however.
Clean your room to make space for that thick ass bloody cake if yours
Its to mark that he shot down a nazi plane. Pilots would do this, and add more swastikas, usually broken or something else, to represent that they had shot down and killed nazi scum. 2 swastikas=2 dead nazis, etc.
Impeachment of the President has damaged every presidential party in subsequent elections, even with no successful impeachment on the books.
This is hilarious! Let's just make sure that we keep it lighthearted like Chief - don't want to come off as toxic :P
Issue has been resolved, he gave me a satisfactory source, which I haven't and am not going to read.  I was just making sure fools come correct on Reddit.
What makes you think that? None of the issues facing us are unsolvable. 
You did well, it is memorable. I'm just playing.
Yeah, unfortunately this will all play great on Fox, despite it being hot fluffy bullshit
And STILL, fewer convicted criminals in his campaign than Trump’s. Thank you, thank you, I’ll be making light of serious issues all night. Tip your servers.
1% unemployment is incredibly difficult to achieve.

But not impossible
Anybody take the time to watch the music video she won the award for? "You Need to Calm Down."

Basically its about how people are mean on the internet. Except the people who are mean are just straight guys who prefer not to suck dicks.
How the fuck people are racist anymore baffles me so disgusting and just makes you look like a fool. Such backwards inbred ugly motherfuckers. Seriously you can't look at anyone in the KKK and say "He/She looks good id fuck Her/Him".
Xhe is such a little skinny pink. I really hope xhe gets arrested and sent to poundtown. Crowder is awesome. 
What kind of bear can’t survive cold weather? Grizzlies, Polar, brown, black all can survive perfectly fine in the freezing cold. Koalas are a disgrace to the species.
Rental price. 
No less ridiculous but more likely the answer
 Good lord. He goes from saying France shouldn't tax American companies

He's talking about [URL]
The joke is, they already have special business loans for foreigners.
She ain't skinny.
We do have that but the Republicans bent over backwards and let the Democrats break the rules.
The climate has always been changing, long before Man even existed. It will continue to change, long after Man is extinct. Climate is not static, it never was. Stop panicking over Nature.
"Keep ur powder dry" this dude paintballs
Democrats live off the uneducated and low IQ voters.
I just listened to the Reply All podcast 3 part series on the Alabama Democratic Party and it was crazy! I think I actually said “this is crazy” out loud to myself at least a dozen times. Recommend it.
He is trash talking the condition it is today - not the people. Obama has cut military spending by more than 30% and depleted their resources.
You're forgetting the part where they "fell asleep" because they were ordered to.
This dude is spotless.  Squeaky clean.  Great choice.
It's right next to where it says your right not to be offended is greater than my right to free speech, and just before your obligation to quarter soldiers if they're really tired and have to pee.
Yup, dementia is a nasty condition. Surprised they haven’t moved the debates to the afternoon given his condition.
Just make it transparent if you set up automod to do that. If you want me to spezdit the word as well then let me know. Anti-Evil has really become garbage in the past year. I think Reddit is gearing up for the 2020 election and places like T_D are gonna get the boot.
That made me laugh.

It is interesting though that the Labour leadership are all of a certain generation not usually in political leadership.
America was big buddies with Osama during the cold war. Even helped create the Taliban. Thanks Reagan!
The cognitive dissonance is absolutely deafening
What “spotless administration” has killed tens of thousands of Middle Eastern civilians?
 I take that as minor encouragement too but Barr's involvement in helping to let compete scum like Elliot Abrams skate free also gives me enormous pause.

Gives me pause that Mueller would be friends with this sort of person.
You should read the article.  That he said she said defense is ridiculous on its face.
Nothing cleans up burrito drippings like a damp Shamwow. They're bleachable, machine washable, and last 10 years!
The point is her parents don't care about her if they're setting her up for to be illegal her whole life. And Argentina isn't exactly a destitute shithole. Why not try and develop your own country?
BLM also hates Asians.

They’re just getting a head-start on playing the next race card after Whites go extinct. 😞
I'm not talking about the flags though. Even food. Bought salmon once and it had american flags on the back... Opened it and it was so rubbery and nasty. Was from china.
How about instead of "pants on fire" they claim it "could possibly be true but no way of proving or disproving". Otherwise how do they know it's a lie? The same type of faulty logic that makes the claim surely can't be used to refute it.
Did what? The tweet? Then "not likely" would be the answer since that's not a high crime or misdemeanor
Dark horse identified
The obstructionist Democrat party, hell bent on destroying America, is the problem here.

They cannot allow sane enforcement of US border law, because the insanely wealthy pedophiles they work for get too many of their victims from child trafficking the Dems support.
Sounds like the Trump Tower meeting. Nothing came of it so it was totally legal, totally cool.
What do you even do about that?

Scalding hot coffee to the face.
OMG, Trump didnt discuss bribery ahead of time so clearly it's impossible to have bribed anyone.
Broken windows theory.

And dumping.

Sometimes no trash receptacle.

And some people are just nasty.

We've got one in our neighborhood.

With trashcans in view, will drop trash on the ground.

Passive- agressive.

Spez: added words.
Sentencing report tomorrow. The guys so petrified he doesn’t even know what narrative to spin. 
God that's so unsettling 
I'm guessing this means that the blue states will have to foot the bill when the number of destitute mothers and children start to become totally unmanageable. Then those red states will have even more poorly educated and impoverished voters to elect our next "reality star" president. 
actually, for the first time, the dumb fuck is right. Broken clock scenario.
weinstien is a filthy and disgusting k**e but those girls knew what they was doing

i wont shill for schlomo but i wont cuck for thots either
I would argue that the whole net neutrality debate is an example of how a free market can override the interests of the consumer, if there aren't adequate governmental regulations in place.

I would, except it's a beautiful Sunday morning.  I should really stop redditing for now.

Cheers!
Expect all kind of dirty [URL]'s all what Roger Stone does since Nixon...
The rare spitting Pope. Able to launch blinding venom into his victim's eyes from 20 feet away!
I'm not.... it's just, it's still so intense that they're so damn open about it??
Yes, so once again I am right. Your retarded, obese Pollock ass calling others that is ironic.
yeah. her parents didn’t love her that’s why she didn’t tell them when she came home tipsy that an older drunk rich kid grabbed her and jumped on her. 

fucking Donald 
Yes, some people are children and students where it might not be possible to own guns until they move out. Some libertarians aren't American where access to guns is much harder.
Would those state programs be possible without federal funding?
Nostalgia, GEOTUS, Zelda and Pepe combined into a tasty meme with a hint of spice. Fantastic memecraft 
Well I'm sorry to hear that, don't give up because society is unkind; that just continues the spiral.
Cognitive dissonance is deafening 
He weighed his options, and risking 30 years at trial seemed too dangerous to him. He probably would have won, but on that tiny chance that he loses half his life, he decided to go for the plea.
I have a nasty feeling who of those four and was going to write it but I can't.
Your wife is crazy. Just because someone feels emotional about something doesn't mean it's in any way justified. I know someone who is literally petrified of milk. That doesn't mean it will hurt them in any way. 
Better they lose big than lose small. (Though hung parliment is my preferred outcome)

If its close the hard left will not learn.
Warm Damp Towel 2016
An excellent little education.
Remember, unemployment is calculated by taking the # of people that are looking for a job / (# of people that are looking for a job + # of people with a job).  People who are not looking, even if they are destitute, are not taken into account in unemployment numbers.
 “Water, water, everywhere,

 And all the boards did shrink;

 Water, water, everywhere,

 Nor any drop to drink.” 

― Samuel Taylor Coleridge, The Rime of the Ancient Mariner
I'm just here for the free food.
Trumpism is spreading far and wide like a warm blanket.
It's a made-up term to assign guilt by very thin association.
My parents are filthy centrists 😢
It's a place were the quiet words are said out loud because the moderators are asleep
Harry looked like he wanted to say "Fuck you" to the Trumps.  He looked really miserable.
I'd go so far as to say Ted Cruz looks better with a beard.

He still looks like a 6 foot tall pile of wet dog shit... but now with a beard.
This is just horrific on so many levels
You should be careful with logic and exposure this hot. Did you wear your special 'twitter video' oven gloves to handle this scalding political scandal. 'radio show interviews man with opinions' - stop press 
Your intentions with this comment are as transparent as they are destructive.
Alberta messed up big time by electing conservative premiers who did not have the forethought to create a rainy day fund with the oil profits. 
Correction, the majority of vets still support Trump, the majority of Active Duty do not. My military friends are much more quiet about politics these days.
In a stunning twist, aboriginal Australians, Native Americans and Moari of all ages move to Britain.
Every capitalist enterprise's end goal is to charge rent.  Diabetics and other victims of chronic disease are the perfect customer.  That's why waiting for the free market to cure disease is a fool's game; they want to treat the disease, not cure it.

Edit: Also what sorta fucked up person tries to *force* food on someone else? That's just twisted. 

Parents


London is a gigantic anti-West hate breeding ground. I don't know how the English expect to get out of this one to be honest, their country is rapidly slipping away from their hands.
 Huh? That was exactly what they wanted to hear

Correct! The result? The democrats have treated Horowitz with kid-gloves. His IG report is HORRIFIC for the dems and the FBI, but the senators can't argue against a report that concludes "no political bias"
  When His plan is understood, His word will be understood.  I didn't know the bible at all before this and once I began to understand it scared me.  God proves himself by giving us the perfect way to live in the beginning.
Wtf is a screed?

Also is the argument here that Sanders is an antisemitic jew? Is that possible? Why wouldn't you stop being jewish if you're antisemetic?
Seems pretty dirty, right?
And yes, people do claim that the EC is a faulty and even abusable system. See EC vs popular vote, gerrymandering, and punishments of faithless electors.
She really has no good reason to testify, and I think if Kavanagh gets up there, he is going to look unflappable, as he did throughout the hearings. I say that something happens in the 59th minute of the eleventh hour and she doesn't testify.
I wonder how much of his battery was depleted doing that.
Do Black Jamaicans call themselves African/Jamaicans? Is her mother a Black Jamaican or is that another Elizabeth Warren thing?
Sure it's a news story when someone is murdered - a *local* news story. There are something like 50 murders a day in the US. The only reason this is plastered all over Fox right now is to distract the geriatrics from the Cohen/Manafort stories with a nice hit of that sweet xenophobia. 
You def need to go in with a game plan if the line is short. Their Mac and cheese was pretty tight though I haven’t had Panera in like.... 4 years or so? Crazy. 
Bill looks like he's a little tipsy at a bar trying to pick her up
Has Amy always been this attractive or is it only when she's dunking on succs?
Put a tiny little sign that says "Impeach Trump" into some dog shit and send a picture of it to CNN. They'll probably put it on the air.
Yang is too nice. He needs to interrupt when they are talking about jobs or other issues he is strongest on.

He has a clear vision and a unique approach that unifies both sides.
Pro-trump bias you mean?  The front page has just been plastered with identical hillary e-mail articles for weeks.  It's not even a place to learn about recent political news anymore; it's just a place to circle jerk about hoe much you hate Hillary.
Showing a potential enemy your tipsy face is not good diplomacy. 
Trump didn't run in 2012.  

Romney was mediocre at best.  McCain was a disaster.  How could you possibly say McCain was anything but a train wreck?
Not only that but I'm nearly evicted when I take 2 sick days in a month. Shit is tight which makes strikes nigh impossible for most working Americans. I suppose that's the point of it though
“To be crystal clear, my wife, my daughter and my son and this country — this country — have my first loyalty,” Mr. Stephanopoulos quoted Mr. Cohen saying.


Sing like a canary, Michael.
Pa---Thet----ic.

Has to be right all the fucking time and on every tiny, empty, ridiculous point. 

Pathetic. He is an empty suit filled with fast-food used grease.

God. Melania, I hope the money was worth being touched by that shit-covered pig.
Still, you could almost just pick arbitrarily and come up with a better system. A flat dollar rate is either too aggressive for low income areas, or does nothing to help the high cost cities where most low wage workers live.
Because I don't want to see the country broken up into pieces?
I don't remember what he sounds like. Can't be memorable.
Lol. True. I mean we are due for the big one right? That earthquake last week was a cute warm up for LA falling into the abyss.
On that note, doesn't the national endowment for the arts have like 150M budget?  If they've gotta come down, maybe congress could direct them to use that funding to replace these statues with something more palatable to the local communities.


They're obviously exhausted from not getting good night's sleep since they've stopped staying at Trump hotels
Don't give up hope but it will take an enormous cultural shift to restore sanity. Sometimes we need to hit bottom before we realize how insane things have gotten.

SPEZ: a word.
I am a inaudible woman.

Sounds right.
It's really sad you think people starving to death and freezing to death is funny. 
Agree 100% with everything you said but per capita I'm pretty sure Americans are the most charitable. I think I'm still drunk though from all those shots I had with the cool Uncle last night at turkey dinner though.
I'm cool with Baird but not Rempel.
My local council was considering closing ours, they set up a meter to track how many use it on a daily basis. 7 on average daily users... Im genuinely shocked they kept it open tbh.
Desiring care for a terminally ill child is different than failing to take care of a not terminally ill child.
Higher density is a predicted outcome of removing policy which force low density outcomes. It's not regulated in
#####Tom Harwood  
**_The Ashworth Election Tapes_**  
Jonathan Ashworth: It's dire for Labour. The civil service would move quickly to safeguard the country from Corbyn.  
🕘 0:11:11  
📅 2019-12-10  
👍 94 👎 26  
[UKPolitics YouTube content bot™]([URL]) 🚨
That's just your body vibrating at her unique frequency bro
Wait, the senate gets to decide if the people get a say?  The tree of liberty is looking parched.
Tulsi and Van Drew ran as Democrats because they were in districts where it would be difficult to win as a Republican.
Haha, came here to mention Mifsud! Delighted to see I was beat to it!
The only argument is that he’s too stupid to be an actual agent, which is also perfectly explained why that isn’t the case earlier in this thread but I’m a bit too tipsy and lazy to link it. 
“Ford’s Lawyer Lawyers for Her and We’re Unhappy About It” 
Honestly it probably encourages them to see how angry it makes us
Snowden has lost credibility by fleeing to Russia, and being a guest of Russia. Wikileaks is now damaged due to fact they have basically turned into a Russian asset. Maybe they didn't start that way, but they are now.
Ehhh I think she'll be fine.  She might not top GOT (which would be hard to do(, but I think she's got a long career ahead of her.  She's only 23, isn't nuts, and is attractive.
Zoning could also be a reason why people want to live in cities.  If we relaxed zoning and over developed tight inner cities, the appeal of living there may be dramatically reduced.
tampon soaked with vodka and a willingness to lose ~2 days of consciousness
I'm sure we might disagree on some issues but thank you for civil discourse. It's rare here
I did not have sexual relations with my daughter.

But I certainly wanted to, I mean come on folks would you just look at her - isn't she the most, and everyone tells me this ask anyone, gorgeous beautiful women you've ever seen.  
Yes. He can recuse himself from interfering the investigation and refuse to fire comey.

Are you defending session? Or am I too sleepy and read your reply in a wrong way?
Not sleepy at all. He has been working hard to destroy the President, undermine his Presidency and protect the DC criminals. Sessions is without a doubt a traitor and he should be investigated for treason. 
He has worked his ass off. I'm exhausted just watching him on live stream.
So freedom from Islam? nevermind that's not allowed, only freedom from Christianity... that's the evil Western religion we hate.. too apart of Australia's heritage to ever be considered mercy
So him being annoyed with Twitter is a better indicator of his validity to you than his purple heart and rank?
I'm a conservative, and I agree. We are not meant to slave away. We're not entitled to other's wealth. Make yourself useful, and you won't be sad or hungry. Have some hope.
Whole lotta Democrats fighting tooth and nail to stop universal healthcare from being a thing. The ACA was palatable to them because it expressly prevents healthcare from being treated like a human right so that it can continue to be treated like a commodity to enrich insurance company CEOs.
You fill your heart with so much compassion to the molecule, it becomes unforgettable :)
[URL]

[URL]

1. They cherry picked their sample, taking thousands of Tory ads and only a couple of hundred Labour ones.

2. They fucked up their code on the relatively tiny number of Labour ads they bothered to analyse
Imagine being able to tell a joke. Without the obligatory "I was just kidding!"

Life would be so grand.
And I suspect after Biden’s confrontation, he will be dropping soon. “Listen here fat...” when talking to a heavy set gentlemen.
It's a rare day on reddit when you and I agree, Sir Grump, so all the more welcome when it happens.
Wouldn't it then fall to Pence to sign it if the President is unavailable? I can't seem to find a good answer on this.
It doesn’t matter what the job is, it should provide a source of income which allows for an adequate standard of living; thus, 8$ an hour (especially in urban areas) won’t cut it.
Excellent name. /r/muse thanks you for your service.
People determined to be against him will still say that since he’s the poorest, he has more potential to be corrupt and motivated to milk the system. It’s a twisted world out there but the best way forward may be to just correct with facts and/or ignore/block.
The filthy, seditious worm Sessions and his deputy rat Rosenstein deserved it far more than those poor fellows did.
Sleepy.
He could be quiet. If he was smart. Lol.
It’s like one sex is a portal to the void, and the other is a hose that can spray liquid that opens the portal. 

Only takes one leaky hose to open a bunch of the portals!
Tree of Liberty: I’m so dehydrated... extremely parched... thirsty even...
I still get Clintonistas daring me to imply something unkind about President Obama, as though we're headed into Super Tuesday and I'm an official Bernie Sanders surrogate and we're on television or something.
Skinner at least knows how to throw an unforgettable luncheon.
they aren't keeping kids in miserable conditions, they get playtime and spongebob

if you're going to continue to listen to left-wing lunatics like cortez who thinks people are drinking out of the toilet then that's completely on you
I think it’s the exhaustion factor. People are just sick of the constant daily bullshit. Oh and the fact that he tried to extort an entire country and puts babies in cages.
Maine seems like it would be a cool place to live but I hear jobs are scarce. All I know about New Hampshire are stories of the Free State project moving in and pissing off the locals. 
Lol that's hilarious, saving that one!
That would be amazing but not at all likely.
As long as he supports the FREE MARKET
Also

in literally any other country the guy would have been shot

Except for essentially any western democratic country, likely including the one that guys from.
She’s gorgeous, I’ll give her that...
haha so it takes literally getting impeached to start working full days? Cool, cool, cool.
Intro to a [TV show]([URL]), Jack of All Trades, starring Bruce Campbell as an American revolutionary agent working against the evil imperialist Napoleon :) Set in steampunk alternate history, very silly, enormous fun.
Pro tip: He’s not “intelligent enough”!  It was ghost written just like his old man’s [URL]’s why he left, he couldn’t answer the questions...
“At first I was afraid, I was petrified...”
An Australian man living in England is actually a Russian! My proof? He's Caucasian. Where is Caucasus? It's in the former USSR! My logic is unflappable! 
Do they release photos of forfeited property? I want to see Manafort’s Trump Tower condo. Does he keep his rape cave for his brain damaged wife in there, or his other place?
Video unavailable. 

Edit: back up 
Excellent point. I'm afraid some of this is actually normalized in my mind. That's horrifying.
ok, you wanna a schism?

here is my unironic hot take: national service is good idea
“This video in unavailable”
Study hard, if you've been following things you know everything that has been said. The republicans are really angry.
/r/StarWars is unsettling. I saw someone unironically say they wanted ghost Darth Vader to show up in EP IX.
If they had an actual point instead of a bullshit smear, they wouldn't have deleted their comment after getting soaked in downvotes. 😂
Ignoring the laughable claim that Castro's policies were centrist, you also assume that there's no appetite for it. 

Anyone far to the left will lose to Donald Trump. I think Bullock had a good shot.
He'd have to be somewhat intelligent to have a keen sense of humor.  Oh, I get it.  You think mocking disabled people and being comically stupid is a "keen sense of humor".
[Yeah she's pretty cute]([URL])
The Hill should stay quiet on this subject considering their participation in the creation of this scandal.
I'm not sure what your point is; I mean obviously bankers wield enormous power within the economy. That observation isn't remotely at odds with a 'class war' reading of society.
They dont need no
Nasty gammons
It’s getting hot in here lol
Gotta love attack on property, ethically impeccable
Klobuchar strikes the perfect balance. She combines an unflappable temperament, reasonable  positions, broad demographic appeal and sick retail campaign skillz.
Whoever put that high note in the chorus of a drinking song was a fucking genius.

Imagine a bunch of tipsy Englishmen trying to hit that note over and over.
Macron sounds like the leader of the free world, trump sounds like an idiot as usual.
I only get annoyed when people are rude or insulting. I truly enjoy engaging in debates here, I learn new things and refine my Outlook on this issue. 

I don't come here to start putting others down so I can stroke my ego. It feels like some do, though.
scroll down, you'll see your comment is anything but unique.
They had power and were able to control people. An average worker spends most of their day at work or going to work with little free time doing whatever their boss says. 
But yeah I’m sure nobles would give up power just for a cell phone and flatscreen tv in a mediocre job.
Yes, I saw that part.  But, you are not going to tell me an opinion that differs from the company's can be described as "obscene, lewd, lascivious, filthy, excessively violent, harassing, or otherwise objectionable".
I haven’t read the article but I have seen The Great Hack. Brilliant documentary.
I'm a fan of this sub and its ideas, but focusing on gender-specific gun violence is a bad idea. Victims of gun homicide and suicide are much much more likely to be male.
Errrm, "the people are sick and tired of experts" is a well known saying of his from the referendum. Don't think we need to provide references every time by now.
They had to see two men holding hands at the bank, and they get dirty looks when they say the n-word! Don't you see the suffocating oppression that the straight white cishet men are facing here?!
"My FrEeDoM oF SpEeCh!!!"

"Then why you don't allow dissident opinions at /The_Donald?"

deafening silence
I think that's a great idea.

Places like New York and Chicago have a lot of street performers and people actually form crowds and watch. Wouldn't it be cool to see YangGang break dancers or street performers while waiting for your train to arrive?
I've never worked for a company that committed human rights abuses. Pete work for McKinsey in the middle east, you and I both know what that likely means and it ain't good.
Here's more normal stuff from normal company [URL] and another [URL]
How come the republicans in the senate don't do anything? I mean we just sit around letting them run this sham... for the most part, just a handful of republicans speak out against it.

Just really... really sick of it.
Future dealings are with the EU. When will you lot realise that this horrific union you despise so much strengthens its members?
So if a lion attacked you, are you saying you wouldn't shoot it because it was carrying out an obligatory biological function rather than acting in malice?

The right to self-defense has nothing to do with the intentions of the attacker.
For us everything under 20°C is cold
... why attack Christmas? Keep your attacks to the fat white guy in the White House.
Pathetic and totally transparent attempt to rhetorically paint democrats into a corner. 

Nice try, deplorabots.
The entire point of greek Yoghurt is the higher fat content than regular Yoghurt. If the fat is reduced you're... literally just eating regular Yoghurt.
People across Europe at the time were petrified of communism (one of the reasons fascism grew)
I've been identifying as trans rich and trans thin for some time now. I'm about to add "trans bill-free" to that.
Trudeau is attractive to women. Lesbian women.
Trying to be folksy and angry at the same time. 

Thats basically the sum total of what the "No Malarkey" tour is about.
Implying we won't have made ourselves extinct
Cmp definitely baited Pp and Pp definitely took the bait. 

Video after video the Pp reps can be heard audibly saying they change the procedure for the expressed purpose of collecting tissue, the one instance where its inaudible does not negate every other instance.
Is anyone *else* unhappy that these networks are filming at the cemetery like I am? Like, take your garbage and fuck off. Don’t spew your shit with the headstones of our countrymen behind you. 

Fox did this too and I just find it exceptionally distasteful.
It is something else. A gay man is not allowed to be successful, part of the mainstream. Instead, his place should be at the margins of society. Anything  else is seen as out of the ordinary and suspicious. It is a manifestation of internalized homophobia.
You don't t give a shit about dictatorships, you are only interested in using stalin as a means to demonise the entire left, while giving tacit approval to right wing dictatorships.


Its transparent as fuck.
I think the point is to show America that mitch is/did nothing when the time came to use his power for the good. I don't think he'll flip but he'll go down in history as a  power hungry spineless leech in the senate
They probably think they're genuises who invented the next DaVinci code, rather than totally transparent morons.
Yah youre an actual bigot. Im a white male id outwork your whole fuckin team and i know plenty of minorities and women who would too then id bust your fuckin head after work at the bar. Out drink outgun and outfuck you too. Youre probably a small dick fat fuck beta male pussy.
Yea, he got a light sentence and the min suspension on license was shortened for him.
Again, Malcolm X we miss you. We need you back to roast White Liberals again.
Cool story bruh
Ay guys calm down please, Humanity First
Right... that 1/3 wealth and 1/8 yearly earnings are concentrated at the top... and unavailable to help rebuild because they have paid the government to keep their taxes low.


He's like a guy that exits the bathroom and announces, "I JUST WASHED MY HANDS!" And you go in next and the sink is dry.  Why even say anything?
Fine with me.  Then they will go extinct from non breeding.
The most important issue for me is CORRUPTION.  He's been crystal clear on that one.
Mueller's testimony makes one thing crystal clear.  Republicans have no logical arguments, thoughts, or philosophies.  Their nonstop lies over the past 10 years have twisted their thinking into a clusterfuck of feelings, conspiracy theories, and utter bullshit.
Lmfao this is perfect.
Hmm I'd say this is more like that one line from the Introduction to Hegel's *Phenomenology* with the man in the desert parched for water by Enlightenment rationalist and scientific thought.
For a second before I read the label I thought that was supposed to be the skinny gay guy who plays Sheldon on the Big Bang Theory. When they make the HBO movie about the fuck up that is the Trump administration that guy should play Kushner.
So make them pay an exit fee, like Maryland leaving the ACC for the Big Ten. I don't see why this is an unsolvable issue.

Besides, from what I hear about blue states subsidizing red states, it should be an economic win for the union if the mooching red states leave.
I’m almost certain that some of the people saying the show had a “liberal bias” think that Fox News is a trust worthy source
Just posted a response to my guy explaining how modern countries are different than ancient ones. 

Looking forward to seeing how the Prophet of Doom handwaves that away
Why is his head so damned HUGE! I MEAN IT'S WEIRDLY ENORMOUS!
South Bend economics, he has literally no idea what it costs to lives in a big city.
It's a lot worse than that.  The DNC actively works to suppress the enormous grassroots movement that Bernie Sanders managed to excite.  Even now just weeks away from the mid terms.
Sure just find four dynamic intelligent elected conservative women who appeal to the people under 70. We will wait.
I saw an anarchist here claim labor camps were superior to living in capitalism. Every group is capable of excuses. I mean I'm a socdem but I'll openly admit no group is perfect, we all can mess up in some way.
I don't know about propaganda, but very effective for viral marketing.

By the way, have you tried the new Wavy Pringles®? They provide a new tasty twist on the iconic original Pringles®!
the problem with Trump is that the definitions for Narcissism, Malignant Narcissist, Sociopathy, Psychopathy all kind of read like a daily horoscope for him lol

Whatever the diagnosis, this dipshit is a seriously flawed and damaged individual
34 hours divided by 44.8 is 0.759. The 'raw' gender pay gap is 79 cents to the dollar.

If women earn 79% of what men earn but work just 75.9% as many hours, how many gender studies professors does it take to screw in a light bulb?
Considering some of the openly incompetent senators, representatives, and presidents I'm pretty sure I'm qualified by virtue of not being completely idiotic. Unfortunately I lack the money or connections to make the money required to run for politics these days.
[List of countries with some sort of universal healthcare]([URL]). For me, the biggest hurdle is finding a job, and that's **with** a job that is considered scarce in most countries (welding).
Of course, the establishment is terrified of losing even a TINY amount of their prestige.
Btw, why should Turkey be so secretive about meeting with NES officials? People should rejoice that they're trying to find peace.

Is it to calm and appease the public anti-YPG mentality? I cannot see another reason.
LoL, not surprising coming from a state filled to the brim with dumb uneducated rednecks. I'm sure she was saying that while sitting on a scooter adorned with tiny little American flags.

You can't fix stupid.
Will we lose the associated black market trade that goes with that ?

Lots of profit in a black market. unless you get caught, but that's' OK the Tories reduced the number of police during austerity.
It is when it hurts childrens lives.

 There is a Netflix documentary called broken, watch the episode called Big Vape.
Campos was responding to a door to a guest room with an ajar door. Should that call be met with body armour, rifles and a tactical insertion team?
Oh I am sorry she laughed about the prosecution losing a section of the mans underwear that was soaked in a 12 year girls blood. Which eventually led to a plea bargain for time served. So much better. 
“Remove ILLEGAL immigrants.”  Fixed it for them. Why is this shit so hard for them?  Why the bullshit?  They know everyone sees it right?
Louie Gohmert couldn’t act more annoying and snug if he tried
This is the bottom line, really.  Immigration freeze or not, if you're terminally ill, you shouldn't hop on a long international flight AT ALL... unless i guess if you're literally in some shithole with zero healthcare available, that would be different.
"right to live" fucking lol  
  
You mean free gibs?
Well healthcare isn't really welfare if everyone gets it, is it?

But my point was perhaps you'd prefer to vote against cheap healthcare, because someone else might get cheap healthcare as a result.
Good lord, how absolutely petrified are they of two people ***who aren't even in politics anymore*** that they call them a "machine"?
Does a warm, highly active, highly moisture-saturated environment help the dudes that make money on you running your heater and A/C and growing carbon capturing trees?

Yes.

Koch's and Russia both benefit from a chaotic warming atmosphere.
 Last thing that obese woman needs is snacks.

How dare you use the world obese.  She is a victim fighting anorexia
 Another crystal clear indication the man has no fucking idea what he's doing.

[I'm not so sure that's true]([URL])
The door has been ajar for awhile now. Is the complicit Congress and Senate who keep having their K(ats)och try to close it.
Getting the munchies in Cornwall can really make one pile on the pounds with all those tasty pasties and cream teas.
Funny.

That poor wall worker in the suit looks so petrified. I can channel him my dark energy for confidence!
Have you seen this? Hilarious. 

Howard Stern and "Alex Jones," appearing as a cardboard cut out:

[[URL]]([URL])
apparently, you have articulated the idea in a more palatable way than I did.  
Nunes should resign because he failed to conduct an adequate and fair investigation at the start of the whole Russian mess when he was in charge. He should also resign because he clearly doesn't represent his constituents. He only represents Trump, and having a one person constituency is not what the HOR is about.
You might like four roses if you can find it, give it a try with some ice... Very tasty! 
They keep tearing down houses in west Seattle and building like 3 in their place. Just packin’ em in. And those houses are definitely not cheap either
They also represent treason and people who killed Americans to preserve that slavery and oppression. 

Why have statues to traitors. It's not erasing history, we can still teach people about the Civil War, but statues to traitors is silly.
Fair enough.

My point here is he talks about ending the EPA, but there is no clear way for people to address pollution. In my opinion if you're going to end the EPA, long before you do that, you make it crystal clear what the path is to correct polluting companies. 
Yeah, I am not scared
Why don't you just say fire is hot, or the sky is blue.
"He was such a decent man, considering how dark his skin was. Maybe from heaven he will see how wrong the liberals were this whole time with their angry witch hunt." -Trump probably.
I love how Mueller doesn't make any public announcements. He answers endless screaming provocations with deafening silence. It has a real psychological effect. It says "im not playing your games, i'm coming for you" 
That’s actually horrifying, especially if you imagine what will happen if a dem wins 2020!   We’ll have millions and millions literally pouring across the boarder!
If someone could post some sources supporting that affirmation I'd be delighted. It's worth the sourcing just for the neocons and conservatives to understand :-)
Paper burns fine when soaked in gas
I honestly do think that he will be the nominee. I don't think Trump will win because of Biden, it's just so rare now for an incumbent to lose. But, I'm deliberately lowering my hopes.
Voter fraud is crazy rare.
He has the charisma of a damp paper bag.
Honestly I think she should come with "Between Two Ferns" Hillary.  The deadpan unflappable thing works for her.  
And their health insurance is tied to their jobs (likely by design).
Russia: "Man, this shit is easy when the White House and the Senate are running interference!"
So does Iraq, Afghanistan and Vietnam. They seem to have been able to resist armed occupation pretty well, despite being tiny by comparison to the US military
That ship has sailed.

The current situation isn't reversible: trust of the SDF in the US has been damaged beyond repair.
Silly, but I still smiled like a fool.
It's kind of insane how good fruit is for dieting. Hungry for breakfast? An apple is like 90 calories and will make you feel full.
Nunes says "The American people would not be comfortable reading what I have read.

Wtf does that mean? Is he trying to say the president and/or people on his team were up to some unsettling stuff? 
You realize this is due to government regulations that won't allow other people to produce it cheap, right?
So what do you think about the idea that dreaming is for keeping the brain warm enough during sleep? 

&#x200B;

[[URL]]([URL])
That's a very ambiguous statement that could be applied to every party you are referencing. I'm not sure if you are blaming the smokers and obese people or those who make fun of them. 
listen im real sorry for this but i was kinda hungry for karma and i needed to feed that craving.
Funny enough Obama was petrified that if Huntsman won the primaries then the Republicans might actually have a legitimate candidate they could field against Obama in the main election. Funny how Republicans almost seem to have a knack of choosing losing candidate so well.
I’m gay actually. I legit have read rumors and using my gaydar here. He’s also cool with gay marriage which seems strange given how ridiculously conservative he is.
See? I never get the side effects that make a good story. I just get dry mouth and occasional hand tremors.
* Free Ponies for All Act
* Better Star Wars Sequels Act
* Limit Rainy Days to At Most 2 Per Week Act
Statement:

A completely inappropriate comparison, using a tragedy such as this to promote his own twisted political agenda, an all too common occurrence with the blindly pro-Israel crowd who routinely demonize and de-humanize Palestinians.
And a hideous demeanor.
No. The amount of people who can not agree with this could be stacked to the moon and back. People will believe anything is impeccable prose if it's by some guy who said things they like.
They could not grow any this year...  Too wet to start season and just has been a bad year overall for growing things in a large part of the Midwest.
Yep, the current approach of having the conservative stretches of the country lead the way is friggin insanity. We don't need one more horserace and the idea that we need the south and middle america to identify a palatable "moderate" liberal candidate is obviously not worth continuing.
There will be nothing for you there. As in not even food and basic goods. And who even knows what the price of said goods will be if you do pay in USD. Not to mention you will be placing a gigantic target on your back simply by being there.
Saying it out loud is rare, sure.
I like both Yang and Bernie. I like Yang’s personality more but the majority of Bernie’s policies are hard not to like. I do think Yang shouldn’t be dismissed at all especially after this year.
Oh I know. But it's still hilarious to see Nicola "judge me on education" Sturgeon ruining the Scottish education system and how the "evil incompetent Tory bastard" Gove actually knew what he was doing
4th article of the day. 

Warren is the new Hilary for the right. Living rent free in their heads because they’re so petrified of her.
I didn't know who she was so I googled her, one of the results was an IMDB page for an Ashley St Claire who starred in "12 Cum Hungry Cocksuckers 9".
I thought the radio silence came when Anons discovered her NXVIM scar and twitter asked for simple proof the accusation was incorrect. Silence is deafening. 

Edit: words
Why does Bolton always look miserable and filled with rage?
A society where everyone was starving is also a failure. I don’t really give a fuck about poor people no offense. They’re poor for a reason, and it’s not because they’re hardworking and innovative.
Yeah I don’t understand this decision. If the DNC wants a clean nomination, the best way to thin out the field is through debates like this to expose strengths and weaknesses of each candidate
lol @  poor Tory in Islington North.
I'm usually all aboard the Pete Sucks train, but it's about lunch time so I think I'm gonna throw open the window, kick back with a beer, and watch this one burn all on its own.
Is this Afrin? Seems a bit too barren and parched.
Which Democrats have suggested a constitutional amendment to that free speech can be policed? Or are you talking more like street level, like how Republicans get all in a huff every year when someone has the audacity to say Happy Holidays rather than Merry Christmas?
Also money that is put aside to cover uninsurable risks. People often forget that companies and corporations have rainy day funds.
Since I know them both personally I can assure you Burgon is significantly more intelligent than Dan Jarvis.
Taylor has been excellent so far.
It’s just racism pure and simple. Whites are   systematically oppressed and abused. It’s undeniable reality. Idgaf about ancient history we are talking about NOW. The pendulum has swung the other way.
The wet killer...
You are so transparent and pathetic.
Filthy statist.  

There is no need for government, and if there was then it's to regulate what happens inside someone else's body.
The sun did set a Space Age record though with 277 spotless days in 2019. It does look like there were still a few sunspots even during the [Maunder Minimum]([URL]).
Was on antidepressants/anxiety meds and lost my job & insurance. Dropped off cold turkey, was pretty miserable. Got a job a few months later, insurance costs a lot more and doesn't cover mental health, had to shell out $200 for a 30 minute appointment just to start my prescription over again.
Calling the Dems the “Democrat Party” instead of the “Democratic Party” is a psyop specifically meant to make the party name a dirty word, invented by the like of Rush Limbaugh
More effective at lifting low income people out of their socio-economic level = better plan.
If she doesn't nobody will. Shes fucking hideous. 

[he peaked with his first few characters]([URL]) and hasn't been able to make anything memorable since
Who the fuck said I was tolerant? I'm just like you guys except I want you guys fucking gone forever, and hopefully as painfully as possible. Now go fuck yourself asshole
Alternatively she was moved because she didnt provide the written explanation for her decision and was difficult to work with. Something that the recent office debacle supports.
You can't be this drunk. You must be preternaturally stupid.
Good lord lmao, wow! This is not funny at all but geese it was like a group of savages viciously attacking the guy. Don’t think i even heard him say a darn word over her screaming.
Also it may be a little ridiculous if it ever came to it but there's no reason I couldn't go shoot a deer or a hog for meat to feed my dog.

I really like dogs lol.
Can’t help but notice the family separation supporters are staying quiet.
You should read "The Things They Carried".  Specifically, the short story within it: "On the Rainy River".  

Might change your mind.
So what.... this is Trump supporter Anon level mental [URL] flash, those with decades of near impeccable professionalism and patriotism dont suddenly throw that all away because they are friendly with someone. 
I don't think he's anti-Semitic, but I think he's let it run through a large proportion of the party through apathy and that many anti-Semites are his strongest supporters. which by many people's definitions, is just as bad.
I really wish he would’ve waited a few more cycles and built up a strong political reputation. He could’ve been a future political powerhouse, but he’s sharing spotlight with every other mediocre democratic candidate right now. 
These polls are quite silly and often is a proxy for "who is the least worse?"


Boris probably lies more but Corbyn lies (such as claiming to respect the referendum result) are worse lies
Problem is unsolvable, but can be suppressed and symptoms treated.
I’m not a fan of calling energy drinks and soda “groceries” either, but the problem here is that food stamps in their current state aren’t designed to help people.

They’re designed to prop up the ability for the private sector to pay embarrassingly low wages.
Awesome yeah you could definitely do it. There are so many benefits that come with it, for instance I get 1400/month for life tax free because of some service related stuff when i was deployed.
Oh, nobody is crying. I just figured you're full of shit and then you go an prove me right with a silly comment like that! Merry Christmas
What is a neoliberal? A miserable little pile of secrets! 
Would be an interesting strategy to leak a cleanish return from the far off past to deter interest in the more recent years. 
whenever I read comments like this I realize the gigantic lack of empathy that almost everyone has for ugly people. like you can't even put yourself in their shoes for a second and imagine the scenarios they deal with.
 I think the difference is consent. Hookups = consensual. Rape = nonconsensual

The problem starts when complety consentual sex is refraimed as rape a mounth later if she was found to be a little bit tipsy when she said "Yes", regardless of how much her male partner had been drinking.
Unavailable at my location.. damn it!
Woohoo! I was needing a stocking stuffer for my Trump loving father. Perfect. 

Before you you judge, this is totally appropriate. I receive these political gag gifts from him. Remember the Obama imprint toilet paper? Keeps things festive when you have a politically divided family.
Check out the word [tyrant]([URL]).

I realise that majority tyranny is a commonly used phrase, but that doesn't stop it from being oxymoronic.

Open secret

Larger half

Deafening silence

Minor crisis

Working holiday

Living dead

Found missing

Stop me when you understand.
Mammoth Cave is the largest underground cave system, it’s awesome! Red River Gorge has some good hiking and unique natural bridges. Louisville is a fun city. Northern Kentucky is basically Cincinnati, which has a fair amount to do.
This entirely depends on the nature of whatever it is you are trying to fit in to. For instance - what if you are trying to fit in to a society that is morally impeccable? 
My notifications were going INSANE last night. Somehow, they think it is not totally transparent that they're running a troll farm.
Inversion of the eat the rich saying and I want all people to be able to eat there and get blackout drunk, vomit and have Kevin clean it up.
I love when redditors get angry and talk down to other redditors and provide no information as to why they are wrong and just say they are.
The Brian Williams Network, NBC paid her $600,00 a year. That's about 5x as much as that actually pretty and talented anchor in a small to midsize media market.
Imagine typing this, reading it to yourself, and thinking, “Yes, I will post this. I have made an excellent point.”
"Fat failure" I think it was. The alliteration makes it better.
 I didn't make the joke.

Nevertheless you're explaining/defending it.

 But it seems like a number of Redditors here really have no dark side to them 

Yeah, imagine that. People don't think school shootings are funny.

Read the fucking room.
Well they told you loud and clear that they didn't like Corbyn multiple times so I think you already have the answer.
asked how he and Warren will eventually compete against each other...  dodged with "I'm running my campaign, she's running hers"
blah blah..  proud that both campaigns each raised $x from y unique donors.... blah blah "we'll beat Donald Trump"
Pretty stunning.

\#FakePolls #IEnjoyMarxistTears
You are being down-voted because you came to the sub as part of a brigade. Come back some time when things quiet down if you truly want to engage. 

If you are not part of the troll brigade, then you have terrible timing, sorry.
And all Asian cities look pretty unique as well.
Literally every hard working person exploits resources and people. Its not possible to work without exploiting resources and people

Exploiting just means to make use of. Thats it. So there's nothing wrong with that
 About time all those clowns were lampooned.

Have you been asleep since 2016?
There's no way it's that cheap, although self-driving trucks will presumably lower the cost.  Almost all of the costs involved in ending world hunger are tied up in getting the food to the hungry people - buying the food where it is is comparatively negligible.
In a horrific alternate reality where Hillary won, she is probably blaming GLOBAL WARMING and giving zero help because Ohio is now a red state anyway.
 his intentions were 100% crystal clear.

Welp, apparently not to Rosenstein.
He has been incredibly quiet.
“Old man uses glasses”  dude you guys are obsessed with trump it’s pretty sick at this point
In ancient Greece, an "ecclesia" was a political assembly specifically focused on social activism and reform.

In the New Testament, it seems to have been used for the opposite, an assembly focused on self-reform.
I argue for bodily autonomy, if you want to argue for forcibly harvesting organs from criminals, feel free to convince me.
You're trying too hard. It's obvious you are scared and desperate. How did invalidating Obama's presidency go? You guys tried for 8 years, and literally won't stop crying about it lmfao
No they aren’t. Republicans are just filthy fucking liars. It’s the conservative base that’s fucking stupid.
And the more they are lied to with no impeachment, the more violent they become and this is exactly what this puppet and his globalists masters want. They are pushing for something horrific before 2020. 😞
How many $100k/yr salary "grassroots" leaders from Open Society Foundation will be present and organizing it all?
He's going to make a mediocre or bad deal with China and claim victory. He's desperate for a win - even another fake one.
Small change as I said he’s a cunt.
Who posts content attacking women, THEN hypocritically accuses others of posting bad content. 
You said it,  not me.
It's not unbelievable. Trump is a symptom of how rotten, broken American society is. He shows that yes, many Americans are indeed fat, stupid, arrogant, ignorant, greedy, selfish, materialistic. Stereotypes exist for a reason.
Back in the day, my dad's friend raised a pig named "Rancid" from a piglet. He ended up enormous, sweet, and adorable, and tasted delicious once he was slaughtered.
Pretty hardcore backfired. The only question he didn't really get a satisfactory answer for was "Why would you say the Russians didn't attack Republicans, when they hacked the *DNC*... and some of the DNC's documents were opposition research that happened to make Trump and Republicans look bad?"
"He has sole control." ... Of what goes into is EO, yes. 
 
I believe "haggling" here means, he wants the EO more palatable to liberal groups/states who have the ability to challenge the EO in court. 
I think she will be voted out in the next election. People have subconsciously tuned her out, and they’re starting to get annoyed to be honest. Generally the silent majority doesn’t like people who talk a lot with little substance.
You leave out that old people collect pensions as well, which is no small cost if we want a country where seniors can collect a pension that doesn't leave them destitute.
White supremacists hate the president because he’s positive towards Israel and has Jewish family members. Take your idiocy elsewhere.
Fuck ai. All worth it for those bent carrots and parsnips tbh.
[URL]

I’ve found it in stores on the east coast, tasty stuff
A European military. Yeah, right. Their forces are decrepit and non-functional now. When Europeans start talking about "joint" anything, they are trying to get someone else to pay for it.
Fracking is often done against the will of the local community, which means that it’s most likely to happen in communities that are not politically powerful.
He's already disregarded the One China policy, for instance. His comments on NATO. His ideas of taking an axe to trade agreements, the unsettling closeness to Putins Russia and Dutertes Philippines, etc.
Anyone who swore to protect the constitution should be planning an assassination right now. There should be so many in the planning stages that they are impossible to stop.
lmao, once again you have failed to provide a single piece of substantiating evidence to back up your ridiculous claims. 

Are you really not seeing the pattern here? Are you really this stupid?

Learn how to argue, you fucking moron.
The US constitution is old and propaganda on TV/tabloids/newspapers is rampant. And attempting to overcome the archaic laws that we have requires a super-majority that is near impossible to achieve with the current situation.
The 2018 midterms had the highest turnout of any midterm in recent memory. People are heavily engaged in politics right now, I would not expect turnout for 2020 to be low
If a man gets angry it’s a righteous anger, or he’s passionately defending himself. This was the defense for Kavanagh’s little bitch fit on the stand.

If a woman gets angry she’s throwing a hissy fit, a tantrum, being shrewish, hysterical, etc...
 It could have exasperated a cold or flu.

That is a seriously annoyed flu.
Shouldn't be - they're supposed to highlight redactions or put "inaudible" there.  It could just be them highlighting his cadence.  

Even if there's a redaction it's fucking horrible for him as is.
Obviously those who downvoted me have not seen The Dark Knight. Or maybe I've just seen it too many times to discern the memorable quotes from other ones.
That might be the only intelligent thing that Marx ever said.
We find the uproar over these edits hilarious in Canada. You would think the "socialist" government entity known as the CBC making cuts to a movie to make room for extra commercials and revenue would appeal to the American right.
This post has a little face news in it since India has a gigantic black market.
It's still hilarious to me that all the rednecks with their redneck accents are under the impression that a spoiled brat and failed businessman from New York is their savior.
Your gender tense changes are impeccable. It reminds me of [Dr. Dan Streetmentioner's *Time Traveler's Handbook of 1001 Tense Formations.*]([URL]~[URL])
Just start making him do his job. Your window is slightly ajar? Time to call the landlord. Heat not working just right? Call the landlord. Make him realize that this contract works both ways. 
I’m sure he was just absolutely delighted to have his privacy invaded to talk about his genocidal maniac relative 
It would still be a valid comparison. Donnie is in a position of enormous power and influence, and he actively uses that position to add to the hostile climate. The consequences may pale in comparison to a more concerted effort, but they still compare.
Impeccable taste.
R&D costs for new drugs are astro-fucking-nomical. Most drugs fail and never make it to market. European countries that practice price fixing for drugs make some drugs unavailable due to cost.

The level ignorance on display here is staggering.
Lusvig confirmed for chubby chaser

Those CFTs are UGLY: [URL]
lol yeah, silly right? fuck off Johnson.
I don't think that was the reason. I think it's just a warm up for dumping us before the election.
You mean they aren't stuck in 2012?

Every "anti-SJW" that I meet keeps talking about "trigglypuff" and the college stuff and ancient talking points from 2012-2016. 

At least there's some of the world not stuck in the past 🙄
It's not a spicy as say, Maloney vs Sondland. I think they're all tired.
If I was terminally ill I'd probably rent the front cab of an 18 wheeler and steamroll the makeshift villages while they're all asleep.
Honestly this is essentially what happened the first time he came here and it ended with his crucifixion.   Even though some of the people in power knew he was special, they killed him so they could stay in power.  I imagine he would be shot the second he became a real contender for the presidency.
Half cock; open loading gate

Drop one 

Skip one

Drop four

Go full cock

Gently lower the hammer; it will be on the empty chamber

Next time you go full cock, it's hot, and you have five rounds

Edited to fix formatting due to potato-quality editor on mobile.
Really incredible looking site, but those 'the plan' gifs are highly unsettling, more so than 'Wrecking ball Bernie' is. Perhaps static images?
These are terminally ill people. 
I'm down. Who doesn't wanna pet a friendly dog?

A defenseless, tasty squirle?
Quiet redneck, us coastal elites are talking.
Phone + Fat thumb + Bad eyes + Everclear = Bamned 🐸😂
Wow man thank god you’re not the campaign manager.

Your message is noble. It’s also an utterly losing strategy. HumanityFirst, being quiet, being a nice guy, **doesn’t win elections**
You can't "fix" a landslide. The results will be definitive and no doubt will be possible.
But posters here told me that they *knew* the bombs were intentionally non-functional. When I asked whether they knew because they were familiar with the bomber or because they knew a lot about homemade bombs, they might have responded but I won't know because the block function works so damn well.
1. I'm unhappy about being called a mentally ill person, but it's who i am and there isn't a point in fighting a war I can't win

2. Yes.
The GOP is a gigantic stain on human history.
Oh, silly me. I thought Trump gave high level positions to his family who he wants to succeed him.
still for some reason

Because that's their blood. It's not some unsolvable mystery to unravel. They have loyalty to their kin while whites aren't even allowed a positive white identity in their historic societies.
That guy Dr. Gu appears everywhere and makes allegedly nasty comments on POTUS Twitter etc.  Have seen him on many occasions.
Called him fat too. Lol.
You are free to blindly believe him of course, but don't be surprised if the club house will be rather deserted when the Bercow fan club next meets. His early decisions related to Brexit were likely just meant both as entertainment and to eventually shut up those poor Leaver souls... but it backfired.
"The House is now in recess until after Christmas."

And the job creators were nestled all snug in their beds...
I agree - we are witnessing an evolutionary divergence.   If you are more worried about your gun rights than human extinction or eating right now than you might as well already be extinct.  When we work together we are strong.  Guns don’t help cooperation, only coercion.
Even though he was handicapped and used a leg brace and far from what they consider med aryan. 


Fuckin hypocrites all of the upper inner circle was. Himmler was a fuckin chicken farmer with zero ambitions. Goering was 250lb of morphine laden fat. What kind of aryans are these??
Don’t forget about how all the soy their mom gave them as a kid resulted in the 0.2 millimeter difference of their jawline which somehow makes them hideous to all “females”.
The train looks miserable.
Ugly Idiot!! Probably wears a Pussy Hat at home.
You might disagree with his opinions, but chances are his are backed with more evidence than yours

Like when he's stated that there the global climate didn't warm for 15-17 years over the last couple of decades? Yeah... no.
Its like Muslims have no qualms lying to us dirty kafir.
I voted for Bernie in the 2016 primary in the certain knowledge that Clinton would get nominated. I held my nose and voted for her in the general election.  


I'll be voting for Bernie again.
And here's the crux of your faulty argument: authority is not automatically justified, and corrupt use of authority is certainly not. To end an investigation that materially involves you in an attempt to get you off the hook you is corrupt and unjustified.
*Don't hold this against me, Mr. President, but I'd like my steak medium rare.*
They’re actually running open tonight—they’re prepared to go up to 4 hours
They have it completely backwards too.   

While American taxpayers were nestled snug in their beds, congressional Republicans were plotting to pass the second-largest spending increase in a decade.


Why is it Republicans can't learn math?
Gillum, dude. Listen to me: Do not listen to those DNC beltway consultants. Do not concede. Dispute this election until any and every resource is exhausted. Turn up any and every vote available. Go to the mattresses. 
White leftists also aren't reproducing, so that's another good thing.
You are white 😃(and Asian). And some other attributes, but I'm not allowed to dox other people
Here’s another: Unhappy couples won’t have to stay married to keep affordable access to health care.
Especially since her whole campaign and career for that matter has been about being an angry pissed off progressive. She can’t really backtrack now and pivot to the center.
You actually think /u/BzqS0 was snug in a rug with a fart?

Solanaceous.
There's nothing stopping republicans coming here here to discuss or use their upvotes. If they are too scared or would rather remain in safe spaces where dissenting opinions are straight up banned, that's not our problem.
Just imagine him not so much whispering sweet nothings to you. May change your mind on being attractive, or may increase it. To each their own.
In other news, Trump hires personal chef who hates food and eating. Actually, that would explain all the ketchup soaked, well done steaks, wouldn't it?
LOL love the hot mic on Gym Jordan and hearing their game plan on how they are going to yield time between each other.
I know it was just a typo but could you imagine if it suddenly came out that Trump was actually a really ugly woman this whole time?
You wouldn’t call forcing open markets for your overpriced LNG acceptable would you?
Listen fat... That's a lie man. No one ever said that.
They already did in 2016 when she didn’t endorse him. The vitriol from some quarters against her was stunning.
I don't think it's at all dirty to count every wwii death in Europe and Africa. Like he started and escalated the war.
Chelsea is hideous
Presidential job approval surveys like Gallup are of the general population, not likely voters. He’s been around 40% there.
In other words, women are babies who can't be trusted to make decisions for themselves and men, any man, has to protect her from her silly lady brain.  Being in charge of your sexuality isn't something gals can do?

I'm surprised we got the vote.
"People don't seem happy with all the laws I've broken"
What is going on with her lazy, sleepy eyes?  It’s like this girl is on a combination of too much Xanax and too much coffee and her face can’t tell if it is supposed to look tired or wired
Especially seeing OldTenner spam the thread then go very quiet once reality dawned on him.

Wish ITried was here.
Just wanna throw a shoutout to [URL] for having a site that interacts horribly on mobile devices.  

I dont get why so many siteS insist on trying to make halfassed, broken mobile versions without the option of going to the regular site.

Vent over.
In brief, climate is too complex, too poorly understood, poorly measured and too reliant on currently unsolvable mathematical problems to be modeled by imprecise, underpowered computers and numerical methods.  

Since a true climate model is beyond reach, modelers rely on extrapolation and guesswork to churn out bad, biased models.
Donald Donald Donald.... your discernment is impeccable.   MAGA
Yeah, just saw this on Twitter yesterday. What a miserable piece of shit that cop was. Really? He was threatened by his trash grabbing tool? He really was just trying to start some shit.
Evidently... it was said years ago in that unforgettable [movie]([URL])
Calm down, grandpa.
Hello hjk813. Your submission is being removed because it has been recently posted to the subreddit. Reposted content refers to any content that has been posted to the subreddit within the last 60 days.

Please refresh yourself on our [rules]([URL]) before continuing to participate.
This just in:. Trunt proposes regulating mathematics due to 'nasty' algorithm.

What was once 6 is now 9.

Truth is not Truth.

What you're seeing is not what's happening.

You are getting sleepy . . .
No. My roommate called me and asked me to leave the door ajar because he lost his keys. The cops were just walking around being nosey.
but this is just another subject that has been exhausted.

I suppose that the reason is that, despite this being a subject that is often written about, we've done nothing but continued to accelerate along the path towards fully neutering colleges as places of challenging thought. Even the NYT is taking notice. 
"Karl Marx's filthy thoughts"

Does this feeb think Karl Marx wrote the Kama Sutra?
It's much easier to pander to fear based rhetoric rather than engage in intelligent discourse and planning.
I'm not really for anti-vax. I really think they are ignorant lot. But the response from pro-vax scared the fuck out of me. It's almost "religious" in it's zeal and tenacity.
If those figures were lying to their people, they wouldn't be trusting them. You are making it out to be unsolvable. That defeatist attitude is exactly the kind of thing that will keep the status quo.
I miss the old "miserable failure" Google bomb. It would be nice to see Donald Trump appear first in that search.
Vanilla HoI4 is a bit mediocre (in comparison to their other titles) but Kaisserreich is amazing. Worth a buy if those sorts of alt history mods interest you.
Free AdBlock Browser on play store. Can even play videos with your screen locked.
That is one ugly tranny.
Obviously Bolton leaving is good - it was an enormous mistake to appoint him in the first place. One doesn’t need to boost authoritarians to make the point.

Still unbased and undialectical but your title is still wrong.
Two anglosphere countries swapping third world infestation vectors for no good reason at all.

Turnbull will be delighted, Trump is presumably fucking furious.

As am I.

Nice strawman you have there. Does it dance?

You know just as well as I do the MSM doesn't focus on the issues. This is about how palatable the rhetoric is to the public, not the analysis.

Sorry, I just get annoyed when “Big Coat Guy” shit is the top posts while donations, good suggestions, and activism promotion is far down
The aides are small fish. Go after who TOLD the aides not to testify, then you get to the big game.
90 years old.

Could be something dark. Statistically more likely not.
No you've got it wrong instead of solving the issue using something as simple as wealth disparity, you have to cater to each individual group with their hand up all at the same time. Only then can you claim the problem to be unsolvable.
A bunch of bullshit on a piece of paper making claims his balance sheet, income statement, and asset and liability schedules likely couldn't defend.
Cue the three minute 80's movie montage were Trump gets a crash course about empathy to the tune of a memorable yet forgettable pop rock song.
The headline is beyond misleading, Mattis was given the authority to decide what to do with currently serving transgenders. In no way is he “freezing” his superior’s order. Fake news! 
GORGEOUS
It's a great choice though. I've been asking for years why they were treating this like an unsolvable problem when exit bags are simple, painless and cheap.
I didn't. But happy that's what it was.
 If we're talking about America, nobody is starving.

lol if you're still arguing with this dude after a statement like this you're wasting your time.
Honestly that’s probably the best solution if the goal is to return back to the Constitution and the intentions of the Founding Fathers. Problem is that the liberals have now also created such hatred against that idea so it will be a very ugly scene trying to get that done
The candidate was chosen via partial means via a broken (intentionally so at this point.) system.  She was nowhere near the most popular choice for the democratic nomination.
We used to have a totally adequate workforce with *half participation and exponentially less productivity*. It is a choice that we even "need" this many people working at all.
I think he dealt with it well, totally unflappable and didn't look like a tit.
I'd be happy to see him die destitute and homeless.
Another non-comment from a miserable twat.
How do you expect to get 2/3 of the Senate?

If your answer is 

#IDON'TKNOW

then what congress does is pretty much nuthing but a dry hump
The microstamped shell casing is not the *only* evidence at the scene, it is one *additional piece* of evidence. The fact that a shooter may pick up his casings does not make the crime unsolvable. 
Collins reminds me of Yosemite Sam, if he decided to get a clean shave and become a congressman
How completely awful. Disgusting that it sounds likely that the US encouraged this practice.
He is a petty little schoolboy. Bypass him completely. Buckingham Palace made an invite. Go there. They have lots of red carpet and impeccable manners. 
 If you believe climate change is an existential crisis (which I do), it seems pretty silly to try and lump in unrelated (or at best, loosely-related) policies in a climate bill.

*homo sapiens:* - 40,000BCE - 2050CE

*cause of extinction:* rider bill
Yep. They are so scared of Bernie.  They even lie about how well he did in 2016. They don't realize that their ridiculous rerunning of 2016  and Bernie black out is making us stronger, more determined and less likely to back down no matter what happens.  sshhh, don't tell them.
China installed more solar than the rest of the world combined last year. Most of the pollution is due to them making cheap dollar store shit for America.

The USA outsourced slavery to China.
Fuck that noise.

There is nothing wrong with a population declining. 

The impetus behind this is the greed of the Elites. They want more serfs to support them in developed countries.

Plus, of course, they want Caucasians people to go extinct.
Man, I was stuck walking back from class one day in freezing rain. Took about 45 minutes and I was soaked by the time it was done. Colder than I've felt since basic training. 

I'll take -25 over that, at least you can stay dry. 
why don't they just join the Lib Dems then?

The libdems are screwed for a generation. Nobody trusts them anymore. Their brand is damaged beyond repair.  
I like Bernie, but one of Warren’s campaign slogans is literally “big structural change”. I’m not going to argue if she’s better than Bernie, but it’s obvious that there are two good choices.
After you return your  semen soaked  kermit. 
Why can't the left make up their own insults

"snowflakes" was used by boomers to mock the whole special gender shit people identified as

I don't really care about what your argument is but try and be original
 so it's not hard to view the people who are at the bottom as there largely by their own choices

Ahhhh, yes, the poor are poor because they belong there. Let'em die in the streets.
Yeah, you're probably right. Also Balderas could keep one of the seats warm, right?
Would you be content with just one boating accident?
Say what you want about the elder Harris, but he raised a son with unflappable moral character.
It doesn't help when a lot of the pro Johnson / Tory content comes from reprehensible or discredited sources like Breitbart, Guido or the S*n.
Davis. He's unflappable and he's got the civil liberties streak. People forget he was in the run-off with Cameron, so I don't think he'd go for it unless he was sure he could win.
[URL] who thinks beyond us vs them holier than thou tripe! I thought your kind was extinct among libertarians. 
So, you have zero knowledge of Evolutionary Biology and Evolutionary Psychology? This stuff  is in the scientific literature. Why are you so triggered?Oh [URL] ahead, call me names. Like I give a fuck. lmfao The irony of your claim of [URL]
Right, so I assume only non-functional lungs are removed, you can't actually donate one can you?
I'm a Tory remainer and would be delighted with Call me Dave or indeed if Blair came back to run Labour, but neither of these seem likely.  I don't understand how the Lib Dems have done so badly in this campaign, too.
Later: I'm basically Obama so we're cool, right?
Economically speaking left wing politics are both grievance based and inefficient.  The whole new "free bus" thing in KC is going to turn out to be a total disaster, I can already tell.
The dark meat is being 'handled' by Melania.
A University of Chicago study showed that only white liberals hate their own race. The rest of people aren't full of so much self-hate.
Only if it is only Trump who can hear them. Like dog whistles if you soaked them in shit and bronzer.
The middle east is on a long road to nowhere, once their oil is either depleted, or becomes less important as a strategic resource, they have little to offer the world.
Your obsession with Trump supporters is hilarious
Being that not self aware, is silly in its self.

it's funny cause I showed the fact trump tried to use her to stir fear, and you can't admit it.

&#x200B;

I guess you don't like facts as much as you led on. lol
As an independent this Burns my ass so hard because it's so fucking true and this 2 party system sucks so hard but it's literally the worst time to try and fix it so the Dems have a straight party ticket voter in me for at least another 8 years because HOLY SHIT REPUBLICANS.
Earlier, he told LBC: "If your house is on fire, you stop painting it and you go and get a bucket and start pouring water on the fire."

Assuming you can afford paint, or a bucket.
That's not a satisfactory answer at all.
So [URL] were not allowed to call their own witnesses at the farce that was the house investigations, and now the democrats are butthurt when they aren't being allowed to call witnesses?!? Sounds like a fair game to me.
Thanks for the courage to post in such a hostile forum.

I'm delighted that you share my fervent desire to protect our planet. Would you agree that current Republicans don't seem to place much of a priority on that?
Fucking hell

sounds like big deal but it really is a big deal.

he sounds like he's half asleep. How can anyone watch that and think he's well?
American voters find trump more palatable when he is talking about porn stars and tariffs the. When he talks about health care and taxes 
Latham, fighting back against those filthy communists. Thank fuck.
calm down there, South Dakota.
He’d probably lose the evangelical vote though. Many of his ideas on helping the poor and impoverished come off as too socialist.
Why should we listen to someone whose only qualification is winning a tiny election by a few thousand votes and having a lot of money from billionaires? Why does Pete think he deserves to be president?
England is not resource depleted.
"There's two people in there looking for you."

"Who?"

"An orange guy and a skinny old theocrat."

"Wait, was this theocrat scary beyond all reason?"

"Oh, yeah!"

"That's Trump and Pence! We're screwed!"
No news here. The dude ran a newsletter for avowed white surpemacists, his son believes that there is something called a "right to discriminate." There's a reason that old white dudes love Ron Paul, and it's not due to his impeccable sense of fashion.
Obligatory 'Fuck Lieberman'
Oh God over the 20tb century a lot of shit went down basically making the Constitution a wet piece of toilet paper.
Having had things with people where we both don’t have each other’s numbers on purpose has been some of the hottest stuff I’ve had, and pretty healthy all in all
Someone can think that he's doing good work about climate change and still be unhappy that he's getting in bed with the Saudis. 
You watched a video of him a passing on faulty intellegince. 

You didn't watched a video of him purposely creating faulty intelligence.


[URL]

American brutally MURDERED by Indian tribe - send in the Seventh Fleet

Will someone from his depleted and food starved island please inform him that I have aircraft carriers and a Nuclear Button, but it is a much bigger & more powerful one than his, and my Button works!
"I don't understand the rules, and it is impossible for anyone to explain them to me."

It's the republican way.
[URL]



Buzzfeed trying really hard not to call it like it is.
It is decades too late for our species to survive what we have done anyway. We are already extinct due to climate change. We might survive for 50 more years if we are lucky. 
Yeah but those prices include subsidies and also ignore the cost of intermittency, which is what prevents green energy from really taking off. Grid-scale storage for rainy days is very expensive with current technologies. 
Ever heard of the phrase, *one bad apple ruins the bunch*? Yeah.
Yes, ancap was a legitimate philosophy when there was still undiscovered and unsettled land we could get

Land wasn't scarce. Now it is.
Tfw you realize that she can never be fat because she can always make her self skinny
😂 ................. I hope your not serious. She’s not special and could be posted, featured on r/botchedsurgeries
I will gladly partake by continuing to eat delicious ethnic food while being white.
What a winning campaign. Most political parties attempt to attract voters, but Republicans want to ignore minorities *and* convince minorities to ignore the Democrats. These old white men are petrified of the blue wave.
You're implication is 100% right. The freedom caucus functions exactly as intended by being so toxic as to make everything else non-functional. It hasn't advanced much, but goddamn has it destroyed everything they wanted to ruin.
What if when economists say that America is simply too large to support a single payer healthcare system they're just calling us fat?
 I'm not here to preach anything but memes and doom for the sake of watching the left cry in idiotic impotent rage

So you're the edgy teen then.
"Skinny people like to exercise. Fat people like to eat fast food and live in open McDonalds.  This is not a difficult issue.  #VeganismRocks"

- Ban Shapiro
Liberals by and large are hate filled miserable people who are so consumed by the pursuit of power over other people that they will stop at nothing to achieve that goal
I love the way he berates them publicly while they flail about. 

Change sick, to drunk and he's nailed it. The woman looks and acts like she's been sucking down a mix of formaldehyde and gin for the last decade
The schools I work at also streamed Obama inguration but when Trump won it was banned from being streamed.   The district also sent  more counselors out to the middle and high schools to comfort and support the kids who were scared of Trump.
 loud libertarians

You can't blame it on an outspoken minority when more reasonable libertarians let those people have the mic.
In the same way that slaves were better off being owned than being free and completely destitute; this argument ignores the facts of how the relative scenarios have been created. 

Oftentimes the conditions that make sweatshops preferable to other work are created by corporate-government collusion.
He is a slimy git. I watched a documentary where he deliberately filibustered a proposed motion for more regular safety checks on minibuses because some school children had died in a crash due to faulty tyres simply because it was an opposition motion. It didn't pass the first stage. Tosser.
This is why we need to clean up media. Why we need to hold our neighbors, and sons accountable who work at these media outlets.
Running a surplus when times are good, "saving for a rainy day" implies that there might be rainy days ahead.  But in the early 2000s we thought times would be good forever and we opted for tax cuts instead.  How to avoid this?
Sasse and corker have bent the knee. So did bush. They all voted and campaigned for Kavanaugh. 
We still have a decent chance at keeping it under +2 or at least under +2.5.  

It's also not that likely that +6 would actually "make us go extinct", although it sure would suck.
This shit is going to be so funny when they lose the next election.
The silence regarding the racism against Chinese people is deafening.

Nice knowing that proud Diaspora Asians like [Daniel]([URL]) or [numuves]([URL]) won't stand this intense racism any longer silently though.
But at the same time the officer said he couldn't get one(because it was unavailable) but marked her blood alcohol level anyway. 
I think the idiotic abbreviation he was going for was: 'lil
Jeans, button down and a skinny tie to work. With combat boots. 
Edit: only the boots if I have cleanish socks though. Combat boots without socks is torture. 
Obama said some unkind things about Hillary 8 years ago, now he's shilling hard. Politicians say things for specific reasons, not because they believe them. 
Haha I genuinely laughed out loud. Thanks for the chuckle.

For the record, the question wasn’t meant to be judgy. I was only curious so I thank you for responding. 

?
She usually is laying low, or bent over, or on her knees....
And most of it was nothing but a cheap sales pitch for his Doral. Ugh
This morning they were saying children deserve to be tear gassed if their parents do something illegal. 

"Bad" doesn't seem adequate. Or maybe it's the "people" part that didn't match. 
We should try plastic bags this time, a nice snug fit!
The likelyhood of another fire is enormous. This can be used against the gop. 
I would be delighted with the large fine outcome.
O god if I talk politics at work I'd 100% get terminated. Or are you suggesting happy hour? Lol
If they're conservative, they hate poor people. Except themselves, because they're going to be rich one day. They're the only hard working poor person in the whole world, and it will work out for them one day!
Like, he just said it out loud. Those exact words.

Everyone who ever laughed at Howard Dean needs to get on their knees and blow that dude to completion. His campaign got fucking torched because he screamed just a bit to enthusiastically. But now here we are.
Everything is scarce to one degree or another. You people telling yourself there's no scarcity should mind the lesson of Venezuela, they told themselves the same thing.
I'm staying calm even though the polls aren't out yet
You sound like an angry child. A stupid angry child. r/iamverysmart
Did you watch the video? Because any cheers were inaudible and drowned out in mass...
But he is someone Trump could replace at any moment, and who Trump picked to be in that position.

So for all intents and purposes, Sessions = Trump.

Pwnd, newb, gg bitch.

Drink more your Russia vodka pisswater, maybe that will help you and your mediocre life. 
What a miserable existence these “journalists” live
"Screw your *rules, rules, rules.*"

"I'll make new *rules, rules, rules.*"

Marco lost more credibility during his "parched" SOTU response.  

No chance.

Didn't you make a large sincere post about being done with in-fighting and only care about beating Trump like two days ago?
"I want you to do 'us' a favor" is a level of logical gymnastics that was being called ridiculous when the last impeachment was hinged on the definition of "sexual relations"  
There is no consistency in the GOP. Vote in 2020, guys.
Healthcare was very cheap in post WWII because medicine  simply couldn't do much more than put people on (just recently) invented antibiotics, putting them to bed and hoping they'll get better.
Absolutely brilliant analysis
HOPE WE'VE BEEN HOLDING THE FORT ON THE OVERNIGHT SHIFT TO A SATISFACTORY LEVEL OVER THE LAST 18 MONTHS
Are you fucking kidding me...  You cannot be straight and be attracted to members of the same sex regardless of age you fucking walnut.  

Straight men dont find little boys attractive.  Age has nothing to fucking do with it.
1. Learn to make pad thai
2. Wow, this is delicious!
3. Start a pad thai station at your local farmer's market
4. Become pad thai guy
5. ??
6. Profit
I assumed because my Q this evening ran on R tracks and made R stops out of the city and into Brooklyn. Making 6 extra stops on the way home from work while hella hungry is super annoying . Gee I wonder what the Mayer of this great city is up to at the moment?
Happy to see a follow up from professor Feldman.
 I'd rather have a few completely unproductive people freezing to death

Fascist. 
  or start your own company

just get a small loan of a million dollars!
18 years old here. Petrified of a Corbyn victory. 
Actually, the founding fathers tried peaceful protest and negotiation for nearly a decade prior to declaring independence. The entire point of the US Declaration if Independence was to say," we have exhausted every means of acquiring freedom except for violence. Now it is time to resort to violence."
BBC interviewers, with Sky's guests, and ITVs graphics. That's the perfect coverage.

Hell, even Sky's hosts are basically all poached from the BBC.
 what western nation exactly has a spotless record?

USA, USA (especially under Obama) :-)
AhhhhHaaaa!!  Idiot, your Muslim Black Radical girlfriend talked your ass right out of the NFL
I would.

Check out how she laughs along to 'Brazilians are animals' when interviewing that MAGA mma fighter who just had his jaw broken.

[URL]

I wont kink the video because it is prageru, which Owen's appears on, and it is a fascist stick hole
SECRETLY CONSPIRING

&#x200B;

why is everything a fucking spy novel with these people?

&#x200B;

Like, can two crushingly intelligent women who have had the same, rare experience (running in the dem primary) not even talk to each other?
Hot take: Elizabeth Windsor has been an unmitigated disaster. Her popularity has allowed the institution of the monarchy to exist until the present day, dooming nearly 150 million people to that archaic and barbaric institution.
He was mediocre, his short term battlefield successes were vastly overshadowed by the failings of his long-term strategic planning.
Faulty and misleading advertising often saves money and generate huge profits. It's an extremely common practice. Potential litigation is hedged against profit potential by actuarial analysis. Since consumer deception in many cases is good business, wouldn't this instead lead to bonuses and promotions?  
Small potatoes.
Why in Aus this is the wet season, its not raining hence the bush fires, and when it does rain guess what happens, flooding.
As a Biden supporter, with Buttigieg as my number two, I agree.

There are candidates that I love, and others that I accept, and still others that I am wary of.

But I'd vote for absolutely any of them versus Trump.
Adrian Tchaikovsky's "Children of Time" is a fantastic hard sci-fi novel that follows a global civilization of intelligent "uplifted" jumping spiders.


[Here's]([URL]) another Sci-fi author with some fascinating ideas regarding these incredible little creatures.
Have a loud lady bring up God
Dude told me we should go back to hunter gatherer society and said clean energy such as wind and solar was a capitalist scheme.
Funny how you're taking a literal mass murderer for his word. 

*"But, but guys, HITLER said so!!"*

Right. Right.
Yeah there's nothing communist about China anymore. It's an authoritarian state-run capitalist government. Throw Ivanka in there somewhere and that is literally Trump's wet dream.
That's a bit thin. Cheney was a Congressman from Wyoming way before he was Secy of Defense, etc. He only joined Halliburton after Bush I got out of office.
This whole thread is hilarious. You started out by calling yourself a moderate leftist and think Hitler was a socialist. That's why first he killed the socialists...
[URL]
 And school is work.

That is just ultra silly.
That's true, I guess I was just thinking of someone I, as someone who thinks climate change is a gigantic issue that needs solving, would consider alarmist. So maybe I'm alarmist.
Veterans choice! The right to see a private doctor! 44 years they tried to get it passed! People aren't that sick, by the time they see the doctor they're terminally ill!
alexa, how can we make eternal sunshine of the spotless mind real so I don't have to remember reading that. quickly please. 
I see a pattern. Anything that makes a Democrat candidate look good is 5D mayonnaise from Trump & Co to divide the Democrat base by giving them lots of attractive options.
civic good, others bad
Whatever.  I am getting so tired of these lame responses to the fascists in this country.
My dad has a note like that from his dead father. It was about the finicky shifter on the 1939 dumb truck. 😍😍😍

Miss grandpa and that old ass dumb truck!

* dump I’m leaving it cuz it’s way funnier to read
I'm sick of hearing about unemployment numbers, when anyone actually paying attention can see the problem is underemployment. You want to see 100% employment? Just ban tractors. Congratulations, you just created millions of poverty wage jobs.
He rocks skinny jeans
Fun tip: Use "Pauper" as a noun to describe a poor person! It was a popular term in Victorian England, lesser-known, and has the perfect qualities for giving off that aristocratic bastard vibe.
Trump thinks it's silly so he answered like a comic entertainer.  Isn't he funny?
"TAKE THAT MEANIE" A piss soaked Ben Shapiro screeches. "I FINALLY BTFO YOU. CNN IS SO FAKIE. MOMMIE I DID GOOD" 
Makeup, expensive clothes, Photoshop, being seen in the right circles all go a long way even without surgery.

It's not like she looked hideous before 
I'm pretty sure they don't want our trash, even if it's spotless white.
I'm still waiting to hear what information was false.

The polling was given to a Ukranian. Mueller wasn't able to show the Russians got it. 

I'm willing to bet you had no problem with some annoyed IRS agent leaking the ugly bits of Trump's 95 tax return to Maddow.
Yes, cause under central planning it is impossible to adapt to changing your clocks an hour back. Either way I don’t see the point of even having day light savings
It is. Imagine the same devout following, except you didn't have a large political contender. Guarantee these same people would be appalled seeing people willingly follow the Chinese party do whatever they want and not giving a fuck about it, not realizing they are doing the same thing here.
Right, just a filthy casual killer.
 cleanish criminal record

That rules out hillary
Ethnic cleansing is dirty work.
Giving children puberty blockers is child abuse.  That's the point.  Nobody gives a fuck about a 40 year old man cutting off his penis and calling himself a woman.  He's obviously mentally ill but it's not my problem at that point.
 It is tragic how large capital hinders small business from growing.

Not the least of which being that they impoverish our customer base.
Ah jeez. It's almost like trump was only calling for this so he could dirty the Biden name. Which I gotta say, hes not someone I'm a huge fan of, but I've never thought he was corrupt.
As a rep for America, no I'm not tired of these hearings and it's your Senate leader who's causing the bottleneck in the government.
Not true. Chinese labor isn't particularly cheap anymore. They do it because they're better at it than anyone else.
Exactly, and I think he would be happy to be proven wrong. This is just to remind us all that it will be a battle we really need to put our energy into fighting and not take anything for granted.
Booker's massive, gigantic balls.
As a continuation of the background check into his fitness to serve a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court? Yes. Just as it was during Clarence Thomas’ nomination. An ethical president would want to know his pick was spotless.
im already tipsy
If they do it right. Warren or Biden I see a gigantic loss with much hand wringing to be had. Bernie would crush Trump because he is a party outsider AND honest. I dont care that hes more left than I am, hes straight up honest.
Compensation for wrongdoing isn't a bad thing. That being said, laws are dumb, this one's no exception, especially since there's no benefit to the victim in its current format.
Free malarkey!
Drivers are a tiny fraction of who runs trains and rail.
The issue for people is healthcare costs to much for an individual to pay for. Insurance works by lowering the cost based on the total number of people who pay into it. By making everyone pay into it, while also giving everyone more than adequate coverage we solve the "issue".
Uh, she's a bad ass. Not necessarily a good fit for president but a bad ass nonetheless.
They’re free to now lower their taxes to make it more palatable for people to stay.

Or do they want to have their cake and eat it, too?
Sad about it, but at least the people under capitalism aren't starving and have the freedom to purchase what they would prefer to have.
You're using a horrific tragedy to lazily construct a misleading strawman and passing it off as a "joke". I hope you don't intend to become a comedian in the future, I don't think you're cut out for it
Because they’re exporting their authoritarianism via their influence over the internet, and they’re territorially hungry, making ridiculous claims in violation of long established maritime treaties.
“White haired southern guy” -if we’re talking Republicans, you’ll have to be more specific.
She looks gorgeous :) 
I would love to see Nunes getting grilled with hardball questions.

Under a lamp in a dark room preferably.
Finally

Say it loud

PLANT PLANT PLANT
I’d love to see some anti disability content from the right.  I’ve never heard of that notion.
If you have not tried avocado toast you really should. It is crazy delicious. 
When I wrote it I should have clarified "any terminally ill person."  In this sense, I meant anybody=terminally ill.  
I read that he called the PM nasty, and was like "Oh, Denmark's PM is a woman?"
This is a post about someone’s grandmother dying. Relax. Go troll on another post and be a tiny bit more sensitive.
Nah, the funny jokes from the right get upvoted too. They're just rare.
[Read this.]([URL])

The election in 2020 quite possibly have the highest turnout of any election, ever. If the Dems don't clean house with THIS election, they never will.
Me too, If you were alive in ancient Roman times would you have gone and watched the events at the Colosseum?
They don't. If the leaders of my country had turned towards the Soviet Union in the cold war, a lot of people here would have been killed by the US or their puppets.
bitcoins are not reproducible

number of bitcoins is finite

∴ bitcoins are scarce

**similarly,**

mp3's are reproducible

number of mp3's is potentially infinite

∴ mp3's are not scarce
The silence from the Republican lead congress is deafening. 
They're trying to equate hiring an American firm who happens to employ a contractor who worked for British intelligence (our closest allies) to conspiring with a hostile foreign government hell bent on creating chaos and attacking our electoral system. Theirs is a bad faith argument and an attempt to gaslight decent people.
 Little plastic toys can inspire lots of good behavior when other options (like timeouts) are unavailable.

So can praise.  Also, your link shows no connection between the actions of a local council and the existence of the NHS.
Yeah, that's about as brilliant as saying that your health and your you (mis)treat your body has zero impact on those around you.

E: It sounds good though. Complete hogwash considering legal and economic ramifications, but it sounds good.
Well when comey changes the law so Hillary can get off clean I would have to agree
it's irrelevant in what ethics commissioner can investigate, and that's why relying on him to make a ruling is not adequate, as I argued above. Liberals are trying to spin their way out of a clearly unethical behaviour with technicalities.
lowering interest rates isnt going to magically make people afford these payments

That's not what I was talking about.

If you no longer have access to credit cards then alternatives, like rent-to-own, become more attractive. 

Of course the rent-to-own places are terrible.
This is a spot on review.  NYC is unique in very many ways and the rest of the country is pretty much Arby's and WalMart.  I've been everywhere in the USA and it is more and more like everywhere else.  Sad.
Maybe it has something to do with all of our entertainment being soaked with gun violence? 
Problem is their support in rest belt is on thin ice too

Its up in the air weather Trump wins Ohio, Florida and Iowa, while Michigan and Pennsylvania will more than likely go to whoever the Democratic nominee is
Knowing this family they'll probably come up with the brilliant idea of rebranding all of their buildings to "TRUMP JR".
I'm suggesting that the only good strategy would have been not to start a trade war. It doesn't really matter what Trump does now, all possible scenarios are equally bad.
My argument is, since time changes with different factors, we can't judge everything by the same timescale. Therefore it is very possible that light could reach here in the time it did according to its own timescale.
will soon be

Where tf have you been? Regular old fruit juice is a dessert around my apartment, friend.
Military Operations over seas to subjugate neighboring nations, to secure scarce resources, to eliminate foreign polluters. 
Wont happen. We're fucked. Russians are going to steal the 2020 election. I'm exhausted from hoping this can be stopped. And as my boss says, "hope is not a strategy"
So why is it okay for the president to break the law? Why is he allowed to use the powers of the United states to benefit in a personal way against a political rival? This is Russia or North Korea tier shit and you think that shit is okay here?
Trump is a corrupt conman at the highest level of power. Please do not ignore that. Please do not pretend that Trump fixed a damaged economy. He has taken steps to undermine it though.
The cold steel of a snug pair of cuffs.
These ladies don't look obese. Why are they spending all that money for a strict diet plan?
At least we shall be very wet and very warm
Spoiler alert;  she told him to stop borrowing her size XXL gloves because he always brings them back damp and orange-tinted. 
Americans pollute the most per capita and are all conveniently on one continent. Genetically engineered virus. Plus, once the American military isn't protecting the petrodollar with a cancer causing depleted uranium fist, the world can actually kick fossil fuels.
That 100% Classical Marxism is cool and based.
is this really an excuse for everything nowadays?

all journalists have wife and kids? there are no hungry young reporters anymore? people who might even risk something for once?
It makes me smile every time I get a nice reminder like this that the insane cult of Paul I see plastered everywhere online due to his followers PR campaign doesn't actually reflect the reality outside of the internet.
Every damned generation hates the generation before. This new generation just has a platform to shout it out as loud as they can have have similarly like minded imbeciles agree with them.
Which sucks. We should care. We should be able to inform ourselves and make decisions through a more transparent system. 

I'm not convinced ignoring leaked information if true is the right choice. But swallowing it whole is equally misguided.
Did the government not introduce a bill to clean up the zombie laws in the last parliament? I remember hearing about it but I don't remember hearing it passed. Do you know what happened?
Because an old guy talks slowly and gravely? He’s a brilliant fucking man who has more than earned his place on this panel.
Im with you on the higher standard ideals, but in this case I just dont think theres actual obstruction. Unhappy bitching? For sure, and it is unprofessional. But impeachable Obstruction? I dont believe so.
Anti ICE crap is stunning but anti FBI and anti DOJ is perfectly patriotic and acceptable because Fox News told you so? Gtfo 
I'm absolutely filthy on these morons in ruining this for us.  Pretty disgusted they got voted back in too. 

I can't wait for Saturday to get rid of these incompetent corrupt assholes.
A highly inappropriate and unsettling message.
Sporting events.

ALL RISE, REMOVE YOUR HATS AND BLOW THE NEAREST MILITARY VETERAN YOU CAN FIND. WE DO THIS TO REMIND US OF OUR OWN UNFLAPPABLE MORALS AND SUPERHERO COMPLEX.

*Oooooh saaaaay caaan you seeeeeeeeeee*
Primary these bastards.  Ive already started bombarding friends and fellow church members with email about these traitors.

Im also constructing letters to send to the traitors' offices, local talk radio, churches etc.  

Do your part pedes and dont rest until we send a message loud and clear.
You're the horse and there's the water.  I hope you don't stay too parched.
OK, so you don't have an understanding of some rather import consequences of Brexit.

Do you think you're alone with this non-understanding, or do you think that quite a large chunk of Leave probably also lacks a clear understanding of what will happen on the border in Ireland?
I cried a bit. What an amazing and unforgettable ride it's been. MAGA
Or they never dismantled the old equipment or depleted their old inventory and the whole thing was a farce.
Well I'm glad that the MSM is focusing on Puerto Rico again but this isn't how I wanted it to happen 

Trump is a sack of shit. There's my scalding take of the day.
Damn that politico article it's a scalding hot cup of coffee. Just how I needed to start my day. I love the phrase 'infomercial socialism', it's exactly the right way to describe the gimmicky pitch that such outlets give to angry white kids.
Yeah but at least I never pulled my pants all the way down to pee in the urinal. Saw a buddy doing that once. Young enough that it wasn't too weird, but it was still pretty weird.
jesus those are all deeply deeply ugly people
I love a happy ending!
Dark Helmet = Adam Schiff
Surprise, surprise. It's an ugly chubby white chick. The most entitled class of people  on the planet.
They bought the Aberfoyle site in 2000 (Mike Harris). The well was drilled in 1980 (Bill Davis). The first bottle went off the line in 1988 (David Peterson).

We didn't know how bad it was until more recently. There's plenty of blame to go around.
The crickets are deafening from the R side of the aisle. I give them till the new year before they abandon him altogether and pin every goddamn woe they started on him. 

Fox News is already planting the seeds.
People are getting way too entrenched in who they support. It's a bad sign.
That light deserves to live as well, you bastard
Universal healthcare is bad because some people don’t get sick
Roger Stone is the king of dirty tricks.
I'm pleasantly surprised that they aren't extinct.
To me the most governmenty failure is the unpleasant experience of arriving at Penn Station (at least through the Northeast Corridor). It's warm, damp and disgusting.
Yeah, I've heard that if you have a good job and insurance, maybe with a rainy day fund for the more serious of matters, then the American health care system is probably the best choice in the world. 
Well that's just plain false lol

What?  Do you think water isn't wet as well?
I read it as being impossible but the machines found someone they could con into giving them info.
Yeah but he'll usually start with/blend in all the other horrific things.

Things the DNC is probably in favor of.
I'm sure you were equally loud when Trump disrespected Obama.
Good good, excellent
Right. Makes perfect sense
If healthcare insurance was a truly open market, you would have a point, but it's not, so you don't.
This one better than the aoc one but they both good
This is the equivalent of pouring a pint of beer over someone in the pub, only to me it seems even less of a crime as it is an act of political protest not an act of malice.  I think it is harassment but not assault. I hope he challenges it.
At most, disorderly conduct or disturbing the peace.

Small fine fir being loud.

In other words, say it if you want.

Just don't shout it and bother people.

I'm against hate speech and hate crimes.

We don't need more laws.
Nutritional deficiencies don’t result from eating foods that “lack nutrients” — nutritional deficiencies result from poverty and the inability of people to have enough of the necessary foods to make up an adequate diet.
You asked for a policy, retard. I gave you the most important one. Go be "intelligent" elsewhere.
Oh dear, those CSPAN callers. I'm a 26 year old female in relatively good shape and if I had to give a Bernie-style speech in Iowa in the middle of August, my pits would be soaked too.
If Trump sold cyanide koolaid you would buy it and proclaim how tasty it was as you writhed on the floor, your mouth foaming and your eyes bulging.
Is anyone surprised that marmalade mussolini is obese?
The perfect present ever is right. I'm glad all the prayers helped. May you and your family have a wonderful Christmas and may 2020 be filled with blessings.  Her name is beautiful BTW
If you attempt to stand up against anti-white racism, it's just proof of white fragility, you see.  Yet when any other race stands up to racism, real, exaggerated, or imagined...  it's stunning and brave.
In another comment he says that's a good thing. His views are inconsistent and he's all over the place. He said that Georgia O'Keefe drew "cartoony things". He's a shitty troll
Omg that’s nasty lol
"It was really a tremendous event. Very memorable. I want to meet these people again."
I have to some. One of my Jewish friends was complaining about the cultural decay of the US to me and seemed even more annoyed. Not everything is black and white.
She is a whore. And note how far the FBI has fallen in public esteem. "FBI resistance lawyer". Good grief.
Given that the administration had preexisting plans to invade Iraq, and given that they were looking for justification for said plans, it is implied that a "satisfactory intelligence picture of Iraq" means exactly coercing false confessions about ties between Iraq and 9/11.
If Crayola doesn’t want you eating them, why’d they give them such tasty names?

I can’t wait till they start putting them in MREs.
You're right.

We need to get angry at all nay votes on impeachment.
He folds like wet cardboard when ever facing the possibility of losing even a single vote. He knows he has a slew of criminal investigations awaiting him on the other side of executive privilege....
DIRECT HIT. Should have been soaked in pee.
Don't get why you're downvoted, essentially correct. Especially since Biden's voting record is shit compared to modern day Dems. And his overall history is not great.  I like the dude but why he's leading is "warm cozy feelings" not policy.

Same with Beto.
Ditto, also i see a nice parallel. If this case of a politician getting whitewashed foreign aid will gets attention from the feds, what will they do with the NRA's dirty money...
Huh?  Maybe that would make sense to complain about if the article were claiming that every single Biden supporter is older and black.  Of course it's not making that claim, and of course you know that.
Saying unique is an understatement. The fauna there look almost alien
They just have to get hungry, then murdering small wildlife for fun turns to murdering small wildlife for profit.
Made the mistake of reading some of her tweets. She's really disgusting. And not funny at all.
Confidence and supply agreement not a coalition. They will just state they will not back the withdrawal agreement which then puts no deal back on the table which they would be more than happy with.
Many of these links are silly so why don’t you pick your three favorite ones and we can discuss them.
Filthy lib
Those spaces look pretty tight too, judging by the look of the lines relative to the Accura.
Build lots of houses concrete the county and plant lots of trees....

Yeah we have unlimited land don’t we and it’s cheap...
scalding take: econ is more interesting and more difficult than any of the hard sciences

stemlords triggered
It's just frustrating for you to pose an interesting question, then in this immediate comment you've decided it's unsolvable. You already made up your mind before you read our responses.
That's a right to an adequate standard of living. Not a right to health care specifically. Again, just because a lot of people want something doesn't mean anyone has a human right to that thing.
They did pick Hillary, who got more votes than Trump. Now they are looking at 5 or 6 candidates like Warren and Bernie who will be better than Trump. Even if not impeachment sends a message that a President isn't allowed to break the law just because they were elected.
I saw some condemnation on a thread decrying the bombs as non-functional. Saying stuff along the lines of “fake or real, this was a fucked up thing to do.” 

That was about it though. 
"Fuck them and fuck you" --Snoop Dogg to Trumpets and Kanye

"We're not happy till they're unhappy" --Willie Nelson to Trumpets
Adequate, meaning anything less is too little.  Imagine the level of butthurt if someone told him, "your penis is adequate"
Of all the weird things, the one thing I do believe about Trump is that he's a teetotaler, completely dry, possibly to do with his brother(?) being an alcoholic. But that still leaves open a whole host of other possibilities.
I understand,  I believe in our POTUS and I believe he will throw down his cards when he sees fit. Bashing someone who may be doing all the dirty work is not helpful to our situation.  You may be eating those words soon. .
I was thinking about replying to the credentials of the individuals involved but backed off from it on the basis that I feel like the content is far easier to critique.
This is the most wonderful summary of how the alt right and IDW operate. Thank you!

P.S I'm too cheap for an award, so I hope an up vote is OK.
While I like Kerry a lot he tried the high road against W and lost. To quote RHCP: IT 'S A REPEAT! Of a Story told. And it's getting old.
	it would have been leaked by now

Faulty premises lead to bad reasoning. 
Her dad was part of the Keating scandal, got filthy rich as a criminal congressperson, and she got invited to be a TV personality by virtue solely of being his daughter.

How she and Junior aren't singing kumbaya around a campfire together is baffling.
Three years ago, the door to xenophobia was only ajar.
By the time tRump is impeached and not removed by the complicit repubs, tRump will have been given the green light to do anything he wants. The Cartman presidency come to life. Ukraine best get that Biden kompromat ready, and perhaps a rump tower in Kiev...
It's likely such a study is unavailable due to data contraints because there aren't many single fathers as a percent of the population.
And she’s attractive. Ugly motherfuckers like McConnell can’t stand someone who wasn’t beaten 3/4s to death with the ugly stick...
Being trolled by internet addicted dudes who couldn't score a handjob at a blind orgy isn't really infighting

what an intelligent assessment of these people
 Who would have thought that the far left would have such a poor understanding of basic economics?

anyone not asleep?
Yes to an extent. If a load of people bet on UKIP then the odds would drop to make the bet less attractive and lower the risk.
That is one of the most ignorant, asinine things I’ve ever heard. Tell the starving Koreans and n the countryside that their system was a “good one,” even before the trade war and increased economic sanctions.
good.  Kings county can go to hell.  almost as filthy as kern's county
Well I mean most of the population of the US are white. That's not the only reason but its part of it. It also has a lot to do with the terrible welfare for black communities. If drugs were legalized and welfare overhauled those numbers would change.
Mcd's is actually tasty, yeah, I fuckin said it.
Yep. If his overt racism, multiple law violations, payoffs to strippers to keep quiet about affairs and hurting the farmers in their wallets isn't enough, one has to wonder what *is*.
That’s discriminatory against unkind [URL] it. That rabbit hole goes somewhere far deeper than I’m willing to take it. 
Leaving your front door unlocked and slightly ajar puts at least some of the blame on you for the robbery
Cuz Hitler was unavailable.
I doubt it's going to be another cold war, we will very probably see a nuclear exchange in our lifetime.
Would you feel better if I said engaging in siege warfare and starving children to death? Plenty of people have referred to the situation as a genocide.
I can't get shit checked out right now as it is. I slept on my arm wrong and I've been getting shooting pains up my lower arm when I move my wrist certain ways. Can't get it checked because they don't have openings on my days off.
Horrific atrocities & today Turkey denies the genocide. Most of the Armenians were killed. 

[URL]
Baby it's cold outside
 If confronted with a practical concern about their beliefs they can  always fall back to a more fundamental position that's impossible to  argue with. 

Same with concerns based on historical perspective.  Nothing they're suggesting hasn't been tried before.

\#Gilded Age.
You mean affluent white 20-somethings who think "poor" means sub $100k salaries don't know what loan sharks, gangs, and other criminal enterprises are? I'm shocked!
Tasty tasty blindness 
Catholics aren't allowed to have opinions because a small percentage of them are criminals, got it
You just want someone who will make you feel warm and fuzzy.
He says the quiet part loud and the loud part quiet.
Yes.

Thy linked to an article a while back about how he was annoyed with the nickname and have been running with it since.
One thing nobody is talking about is that Clinton didn't have a single memorable moment. In three days, nobody is going to remember anything she said during the debate, but Trump's "that makes me smart" and "400-pound hackers" lines will gain some headspace. 
I bet if she ran against a petrified turd for the next big election, the turd would win by a landslide. 
Both popular vote and electoral votes too
"He's the worst of the worst."

Since when did your opinion mattered more than facts?

Saying you feel like it's gonna be sunny today will not stop a rainy day from raining.
I think it’s hilarious how many of you try and extrapolate the entire election every time one of these comes out.
That said, in a large portion of the country Sprint and T-Mobile deliver sub-par service at slightly discounted prices. Them merging to be able to actually compete with ATT/Verizon on a closer to equal level is a good thing in the long run.
The rural/urban divide is might fucking confusing when you realize how much the rural folk depend on those big city libs, who they insist on making cry.
No, you're grossly misinformed here. Older black voters and especially older black women are the base of the Democratic party and have been since the 1964 act was passed.
Ha I wish. 

Go check out ActualJake on twitch if you like this. He is killer to the dumb right. Sweetest guy around. Lots of content.
That's simply untrue, I know what I'm talking about, I think you're exhausted trying to defend against valid criticism rather than just accepting it. 
I look forward to the day it goes dark, frankly.  It’s nothing but a waste of good electrons.
its ok, in saudi arabia they make excellent false flag attack options.
Your answer is classy as always.  A lot of respect for you hanging out here with us.

Even when I disagree with you, I appreciate you calling it like you see it and being calm and rational about it.
The Trump presidency is my argument against intelligent design. Not saying there isn't a Creator, I just doubt the intelligence sometimes.
Just visualize naked Michael Obama and Hillary together doin’ the nasty
Non-functional programming languages are counter-revolutionary 
Haha agree. He’s hilarious now as he does not have modding power but he really is a sad & wannabe tyrant and was a terror when he was mod. Literally the worst moderator that ive personally witnessed on Reddit.
I’m sorry, could you kindly link me to the relevant information stating where an arbitrary amount of hours stipulates the correct amount of employment? Silly old me thought that maintaining a decent quality of life with a small equity growth each year constituted enough hours of employment.
It's fairly difficult to be terminally ill and NOT depressed to some extent
History is going to be very unkind.
AMA on the skinny repeal:

[URL]
oh, i always thought that was when you smoke meth while saying the n-word, lube a swastika belt buckle with la mer and get it snug in your colon before flipping on ‘It Takes Two’ for the 9,000th time while wondering why nobody ever wants to hang out.
I dont know what youre talking about and since I have a bad habit of reading comments in Sean Connery's voice, I now have the image of him bent over trying to sharpie his [URL]
She is cute dude. She isn't some model that is going to snap your head if she walks by, but she is attractive enough to get men to sleep with her, especially older men. Look at those guys in the pictures, now picture their wives...
Bill Clinton is the one who gutted welfare. Welfare for the poor used to be more robust. Both parties are working together to further enrich the wealthy and screw over the poor.
Extreme prejudice, no snakes allowed.
Yeah and I’ll jump in a pool and not get wet
Damn. Got me. How can I even think of a retort to that intelligent and original comment?

Shucks. You win and I lose. 

Bummer. 🙁
How about you fuck off with accusing me of believing things you have no reason to assume I believe just to defend Daddy Trump. If you want America to come together you need to look at the 70 year old obese salesman tweeting divisive shit from his toilet 
That shirt is quite snug 
LMFAO try not to get your ass kicked by a skinny kid in an anime shirt 😂😂 so fucking scared you can't even hold the camera still cause you were shaking so bad lmao 🤣 haven't laughed that hard in a while, thanks for that!
I hate that he does that. I like to listen to the news more than watch it so it's...

"Mr. President [inaudible]..."

"I told him that [inaudible] he should [inaudible]. I know a lot of people. I don't really know him."
The Class Struggle in the Ancient Greek World by G. E. M. de Ste. Croix, available (reasonably) cheaply!
Sleepy creepy everyone
That is supremely unsettling.
*soap

*scouring pad

You also wrote "not shower." I think you meant to write "scalding shower."
As opposed to being asleep at the wheel during 9/11 and misleading a nation into war
He traded on his name, the same way the Trump kids are trading on theirs. It’s the same soft corruption that no one has any taste for. It’s silly to dismiss this and think the public doesn’t care.
I mean if her story is true I kind of agree with it being a manslaughter charge and not murder. Finding my door ajar and seeing a figure in the dark would make me fear for my life. 
So had hundreds of others. 

Look at that shit

[URL]

Entering its waters is not an excuse for siezing. The pretext theyre using of safety inspections is transparent af.
Naw - YK is no food, no water.

I a'gonna suffer for a few more hours. I'm feeling fine. Just freakin' parched!
It’s oddly one of the most endearing of trumps idiotic statements to me so far. It’s so stupid that it’s wholesome.
Lying, corrupt, cheating, above the law, caught numerous times, whirlwind of scandals sorrounding her, but she's not Trump guys!
At least she didn't say unkind things to people! We just can't have that as POTUS
whatever you need to get a chubby. 
It isn't idiotic. Have you seen how fast Pelosi can get to a camera? Besides, we weren't flying over the capital building.
Melania calls him Chubby Donnie Special Sauce

*retch*

Sorry!
"I spent time enforcing horrific changes to workers rights so i know a little bit about wanting to enforce shit workers rights"
No they targeted most racial minorities. And Catholics. And white people they didn’t like.
He couldn't interrupt. Schiff keeps a tight ship against shit and has been instructing witnesses to finish their answers when they're cut off.
There's another more insidious effect on stiffing innovation.

Netflix can afford to pay for fast lane. The new service that would supplant Netflix can't.

Ok everyone likes Netflix, so replace that with a service you use that delivers mediocre utility.
lmao. Because the alternative is either being a renter or destitute?

No one wants a better world for purely selfless reasons is how you guys actually think. 
Walmart isn't able to buy products from China anymore? Oh boy what an inconceivably unsolvable problem. I'm sure the multi billion dollar business will sit around with their shelves half empty!
No that picture is def real. Trump is really a skinny man and loves to get down and dirty. He doesn't mind getting wet if it means taking care of the people he was destined by god to rule.

s/
I was always a fan of the [NationStates]([URL]) model of 3 axes (measured on political, personal, and economic freedoms). Still not perfect by any means, but an interesting division (and a fun RP diversion back when I was in high school)
I'm staying out of the dark side force or light side force Lincoln debate. Read enough on it to know it generates 50 long debate comments every time.
Do not feed the troll.  It makes them morbidly obese and gives them delusions of adequacy.
A vocal portion of the democratic party sees this election as a way to attack those they think are attacking them, and taking a win is starting to seem more important than actual productive reform. It's terrifying to me that such loud portions of both sides are so antagonistic.
He also really hasn't done anything. Managing a small city somewhat satisfactory (some residents seem to disagree) is kind of not that impressive for a guy seeking the most powerful position in the world.
Pete has a very unique ability to get past the cultural filters of people who don’t think of themselves as liberals, which is why he is really the most electable candidate. I think his greater challenge is winning the Democratic primary tbh.
I laughed way too hard at this
so ridiculous.
Requires Adobe Flash. 

Ewwwww, I'm already annoyed.
He did say that if they were not satisfactory to him it wouldnt be over.

What a shit-snackin son-of-a-bitch. What makes him the judge of authenticity? And no, being the king of comb-overs doesnt count.
Sick burn, bro. That will show those filthy trump supporters
Half the time they’re funny and the conservatives get butthurt and think they’re clever by saying “no u”, the other half they have to make dumbass arguments like arguing trump is honest. It’s a goldmine.
 Typical polls don’t include a large amount young voters (if I understand them correctly)

Is this something from the polling companies or the Sanders campaign?
They broke the law, get bent.
Probably... According to [worldatlas]([URL]) the US is ranked 125th in the world when it comes to adult literacy rates. That's 30-40 million voters that are currently illiterate and unlikely to understand/support major shifts in government policies that corporations are continually spending enormous sums of money to demonize.
It's amazing that a reporter starts arguing with a interviewee. I have no idea when that shit started but it's absolutely ridiculous. 

It's fine to bring up a counter-point, but these women literally cut you off and don't let you answer.
Can we use bears? 
Otherwise we'll have to pay for heaters to keep the water from freezing and killing the gators.....
It’s the same thing. Michelle Obama is chubby as well. On the other hand, melania is gorgeous.
So the SAA are no better than the IRGC, Hezbollah and the random imported Iraqis/Afghans/Pakistanis that support their offenses using your own faulty logic?
Ted Nugents balls smell like wet laundry that’s been sitting in a damp basement corner getting pissed on by vagrant animals that was then taken outside into the hot summer sun and chucked into a black garbage container to slow roast until its putrid and deteriorating the walls of the garbage can
Funny, cause I was thinking the same thing about the GOP
You’re right, we are scared under the current administration that the Democrats won’t win because of republican corruption. I’m glad you understand.
Ok I don't know what's happening with Joel can I get the skinny?
Talk is cheap mutherfuckers.
notice how it's a throwaway and a guy who wipes his content every day talking to ya.

I'm no fan of her vote but the smearing is pretty ridiculous
also useful if someone finds out how you do a trick

edit: if trump is using forget-me-now's, does this also then confirm that kavanaugh carries around a rag soaked in ether?

Lol WHAT???? This smells like bullshit to me. If not, it’s an enormous exaggeration. 
I've been listening to the Benjamin Dixon Show a lot lately. He's slightly left of Bernie but is all in on bernie2020. He is a black man, so his voice and perspective is, while not entirely unique, rare. He does a daily 30-40 min show. Check it out.
The point is that Israel doesn’t have a land shortage. They could be building settlements in Israel. They build them in the West Bank due to ideology (judea and Samaria is the ancient Jewish homeland, etc), not because there aren’t enough places to build houses in Israel.
Government so small it fits right in a woman's uterus, fuck yeah.
 save money

I hear this argument occasionally. Who’s money is it and where is it going/what is it being spent on, and does it beat the very low bar of Trump spending hundreds of millions of taxpayer dollars by golfing?
Islamic zakat is obligatory though, not optional. and it gets distributed to poorer people so everybody's needs are met
I personally like Isaiah 34:7.

"And the unicorns shall come down with them, and the bullocks with the bulls; and their land shall be soaked with blood, and their dust made fat with fatness."
Uhh pretty sure they were plotting some bad things for FDR too.
When the UK was the sick man of Europe lmao
Oh that's ironic, a corbynista getting angry about sickening self righteousness. I'm not surprised you can't see it though - I wouldn't be able to see much if I had a saviour complex that large.
Aye! Be wary Brother, they may all be dudes... it's kinda like it is with hookers in Thailand. 
Lol ok. Apparently government legalizing drugs means more government control over your life. Really big brain thinking.
McKinsey is a *massive* company with over 120+ offices and 27,000+ employees. People don't understand that it's possible to work there for years in a less senior role and only interact with a fraction of what goes on.
This is part of the draining of the swamp. Many people who are accustomed to ripping off the government as well as Real Estate agents, and service providers of all types are going to be very unhappy as Trump resets the business model in DC.
I really want to know what demented passion burns inside this hideous turtle that drives him so hard.  I mean, look at him.  There is no passion, no [URL] the desire to strip human beings of access to healthcare.  What the...?
It's pretty hot in India. I'm thinking of taking a vacation in Hell soon. Anyone know when it's freezing?
The "Well God isn't allowed there anymore" argument falls apart when you realize churches are getting shot up too. People are fucking delusional.
Stunning!!!!
Honestly the only tax I'd be willing to pay is one that keeps the government non-functional.
Bike locks are so 2017. We use wet cement now.
So then you agree that it shouldn't be taught in schools since according to you it is:  
 an ancient law written by and for the members of a group of ancient Middle Eastern tribes
Good. Don’t respond. No one ever has an intelligent thoughtful response . Just downvote because it hurts your feelings and precious sensitivities. Bunch of entitled whiny pussies
oh my god Kasich is bombing 30 seconds in

"New York values... I had a scalding piece of New York pizza..."
Not necessarily,  the ones used in India and Venezuela,  print a paper ballot with a unique ID to check validity if needed!
That's why I was wary of Poland.  Having any Muzzies is too much for me.  Then I learned more.  Their mudslimes are "domesticated" if that's possible.

At least they don't WBC their hate.
Sleepy Ben... wow what an entitled prick that guy is.
I’m sick and fucking tired of people sitting around and whining about how “wah!! it’s too hard!”. Nobody ever changed anything by having that bad of an additude about it.
Either he was being a comedian and being edgy or he is a bigot that needs reforming? Which is it? I am glad you think your fake candidate is going to heal America by allowing mediocre comedians to get away with calling people racial slurs.
This is wrong because the video a Yang Fan edited is gaining traction. 

These are the Robot Bartenders being installed across MGM. Tipsy Robot is much more of a spectacle, but these machines are still the real automation of bartending.

[URL]
Trump's going to fall into the Hillary Clinton trap: telling people in destitute former mill towns in Ohio and Michigan that America is so wonderful and you should vote for him because he's responsible. Not going to work, bud...
I swear, Hayden Christensen is quite the attractive man in motion, but so many still images from the prequels make him look like such a putz.
Needs an owl/baphomet plastered on the front.
Was the door to the looney bin left ajar?


jesus camp was one fucking weird subset of a gigantic portion of christianity

that docu was shit for making people think that's *normal*.


He is saying that to slender that fat asian who calls nick a fascist and works for the jews
As much I'd be delighted to see Trump become the first president to have a divorce during his presidency, this article sounds more like celebrity gossip than actual reporting.

Imagine the sexist tweetstorms though...
Seems hilarious
Right but I think that’s why dems are upset.. assuming they think it’s for personal gain rather than sessions being asleep at the wheel 
Last Regime change war was bad! Stop the endless wars! What japan is doing in China is not our business! Have you considered anti-imperialism?

Then we have to go clean up right after things get horrible
I seem to recall Italy has its own politicians with horrific views about refugees, though I may be mistaken.
He's got no chance, that was silly. Pretty sure he had a decent chance of reelection. He may well be done in politics unless Boris goes sooner than expected and he gets put up in the next by-lection. People will have forgotten him in 5 years.
[URL]%2C_Deadspin%2C_and_the_danger_of_this_list

"How in this age of media tumult where reliable source can go from hot to not in the blink of an eye - do we keep this list itself reliable and avoid putting a stamp of approval on sources that might no longer be reliable?"

!ping WIKI
When Mueller finally lays down the kraken, it’s going to be stunning. 
Nasty racist
Idk how one Swedish teenage girl can make so many grown ass men get so riled up but it's damn funny to see it
I'm shocked - SHOCKED - that it wasn't really a scalding hot cup of coffee. And here I thought he was just impervious to pain, the way he barely even flinched. 
I don't know why they would think that. Trump's wife did accuse him of raping and assaulting her, so she probably would have been sympathetic. These accusations aren't new, what is new is that Trump went on TV and denied actions that for many women were traumatic and unforgettable.
A lot of people did that in Germany in 1930. When you have a broken government, a failing economy, and shattered international prestige, one party rule looks appealing.
He sure is quiet tonight...
She’s an old toothless drunk third rate politician.
No governmental intervention in trade, the rights of individuals, property, speech, really just people living their lives with the absolute most amount of individual autonomy. I'm kinda new to Libertarianism so, define it for yourself if my definition isn't adequate.
I think it’s possible if there is a change in Labour leadership.  I just can’t see it happening whilst Corbyn is leader, though.  He is way too damaged at this point.
I’m really over everyone in our government being old as fuck. 

There was just an article the other day about Wilbur Ross falling asleep during meetings. 

Time for an age limit in govt.
I think he said “equating” but either way, brilliant phrasing and very eloquent and to the point. He is really smart and I’m proud to support him.
If everyone would vote, that would help.  Young people prefer progressives.  But they don't vote.   A large proportion of the FOX news audience is old people.  And they vote.  Every. Fucking. Time.
Seriously, what a fucking parched little weasel.
I forgot about Pakman but I'd have him in the mediocre pile for his weird defenses of Israel and derailing of Omar.
It's the Stalinist Brigaders, they try to strike when the mods are asleep.  


It's why I am opposed to following Tankies, but also do not want them to be behind me if I take the lead...
Well that's no reason for us to stay quiet
Would it be possible to have different music depending on what the exit poll looks like?
I think that’s what appealed to me about the column: the author is struggling to navigate a number of competing viewpoints, none of which is entirely satisfactory. 
They are grasping at straws and want to say the Whistleblower is a dirty Jew who is disloyal to Trump, ergo we should ignore all the other evidence that has come to light about Trump's crimes.
The Irish church was merely doing the Irish people's dirty work.
They could try to use the clustering from Google News, but the API is unavailable.
Excellent indeed. Republicans and nationalists all around Ireland have been waiting for a catalyst like this for literally a century. Unification has never been closer, already broken the 50% mark and we haven’t even left! :D
\- Run a geriatric candidate in the primary who attacks voters and often doesn't know where they are

\- Run a small town mayor who wants to make his husband First Gentleman
If there is more conflict in the Falklands, Britains forces are seriously depleted. (But we do have nuclear capable submarines) Oh dear.
Mmmmmm, that's some tasty kool-aid, thank you.  A bit too sweet really, with a lingering artificial [URL] like the beverage :)

I'll subject it not to ridicule, as the guy says, but to skepticism; and then jubilant celebration if proven correct
This is literally the only post in the "Hot" section of this subreddit about her. Most of the content here has nothing to do with AOC.
Oh, I certainly agree, I just find the far left voting far lefties into office who then dramatically fail to address any far lefty platforms delicious.

One could make an equally delicious meme with "drain the swamp" or "lock her up" with Trump.
She was denied euthanesia. She killed herself in the end. The english stories tell a twisted perspective and not reality. This is fake news.

Edit: this comment sums it up 

[URL]
Got cursed out by a boomer at work the other day for saying happy holidays. The fact that there are people who view conservatives/the right as the "never offended" side makes my fuckin head spin.
Who knew you could find a cheaper, more venal version of a Sarah Sanders?  What is next to slither out from the dark, moist unpleasant places where these creatures spawn? The places where maggots hold their noses as they crawl past?
You're ignoring all the context that undercuts your faulty assertions.
I’ll introduce you to another concept: White Fragility.
I wonder how much of that was people who don't generally watch horror movies being amazed at the spectrum of unfamiliar feelings the movie was eliciting from them. I mean, *I* don't generally watch horror movies, and I found it pretty memorable for what may have been that exact reason.
It's worse than that, after making these people destitute (or finding people who are destitute on their own) they want to add them to their corrupt system of indentured servitude in prison.

It's so many levels of fucked up.
No they do, they just aren't given any unique protections that ordinary orgs aren't.
Medical tourism out of the USA.

Wait times in socialized systems are cherry picked BS. Yeah, if you live in the middle of nowhere and have a rare condition you might have a coverage issue. Meanwhile, overall, wait times ON AVERAGE are about the same or better.
if she weren’t a war criminal, it would be sad watching this old lady struggle to cope with her failure. but she’s a war criminal so it’s poetic justice if u prefer
It’s.... unsettling that people like you really exist. It seems like your mind has been completely lost  to brainwashing from FoxNews, Breitbart, or wherever else you get this insane nonsense.

I actually feel bad for you man. 
#####WE GOT A PROBLEM  
**_Labour's Election manifesto Ridiculed On BBC Politics Live, How Bad Is It?_**  
Labour's Election manifesto Ridiculed On BBC Politics Live  How Bad Is it?  Youtube Membership   
🕘 0:18:10  
📅 2019-11-21  
👍 2474 👎 22  
[UKPolitics YouTube content bot™]([URL])
James is a fool. He is the worst commentator in the U.K. maybe the world. A snug, self righteous, naive, out of touch, idiotic, untalented, predictable arse.
HAARP, no doubt.  Look it up along with Leuren Moret, Fukushima, depleted uruanium, weather control, Zeitgeist and follow the threads...
Why the photoshop to make him look skinny?
My husband’s Cystic Fibrosis medication is [$311,000]([URL]) a year.  It affects children the most, so the R&D money pours in.  Those fuckers at Vertex paid nothing because they were fully funded by grieving families, now they bleed those same kinds of families dry.
The people in the room have been standing in the freezing rain for hours!  Now they can finally sit, but they are standing even with an empty stage!

DRAGON ENERGY!!
=========
Which is exactly the point. The stunning raise of CO2 is nothing but a dot. It's like news with explosive title but hides the boring truth in the 3rd sentence of the 14th paragraph. That's how you manipulate public opinions "with a clear conscience".
50 out of 54 wet lettuce slaps lol
Definetly not a solution, but better than the alternative of forcing the problem into hiding. Atleast with this it makes it more difficult to ignore the problem.
 it should open early next year (probably late January)

Cool, thanks. As a non-CPC member, I think I'll need to pay $1600 to attend.
Look under "Video Unavailable" and click on "Watch on YouTube".

&#x200B;

It takes you to the video. This version is about half the length of the original but still a great view.
What about deaths from the California fires, or BC, or Fort McMurray. Those are because of the increased dry period in the summer
I didn't know any of this. Don't have time to source check right now, but goddamn that's unsettling.
Your tinfoil hat may be a little too tight
It's a *TRILBY* you filthy normie!
I heard Jordan thinks rape is totally legal and totally cool. Prove me wrong.
Her IG profile is open. If you object to her hatred, sending her a tactful, but honest message to that extent, is one way to fight hate like hers.
Deficit spending is the territory of the Neocon. Per Dick Cheney ...
You know, Paul, Reagan proved that deficits don't matter.

**Saving for the rainy day* has not been a priority of the "Republican" party for over 30 years.
That's a pretty tiny minority, on a par in their importance to the UK with say, UK resident hindus or people who can speak welsh, excepting of course that both of those groups pay taxes in the UK.
 Evil Jewish Minion: who will we kill today?

 Evil Jewish Overlord: The JEWS!

 EJM: That's brilliant! HAHAHAHAHAHAHA

 EJO: HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Fair, but after this shit show of a presidency people are going to be wary voting in another outsider no matter how smart they are.
I am sorry this child is not attractive enough for you
How would higher capital requirements not protect them from what happened? Lehman wouldn't have collapsed if it wasn't so over-leveraged and had a rainy day fund. Same goes for any of the banks. Higher capital requirements eliminate the need for bailouts.
Should they lose their jobs just like people in r/politics post nasty hate filled comments about killing americans?
The Stars and Stripes didn't originate with white supremacist groups.
Again, if investment in housing is cheap, people who can afford to buy it as investment will. Increasing taxes makes investing in housing less cheap. What part of this is controversial to you?
Until someone makes him do anything, then yes, yes he has a choice. Or have people fell asleep the last year.

Mc'Connel and Co. are in the processing of knocking out the brakes, and I'm very curious to see how this plays out.
Or if the Dem party starts saying they won’t back certain [URL] Christine Quinn, the NY State Democratic Party Vice Chair, did on MSNBC

[URL]
Renewable energy will inevitably be more cost-efficient.  Production will continue to be more efficient; meanwhile scarce energy prices will continue to rise.
When the dangerous right wing post threats like these - increase your security immediately.

Don't think the right wing are dangerous?  Ask the widower of Jo Cox,  ask the nurses and doctors who cared for terminally ill Charlie Gard.
You don't want to see a woman, dead, covered in blood, after being raped, mouth kept ajar with a 18 inch crucifix?
What the fuck is he talking about?

What good is a subpoena if they can't match the numbers up? It's kind of the whole point.

They're just buttmad that Nunes got caught.

Scared your phone number might be in the next one?
Ah yes. Stunning move. Well played.
He would have lost a lot of Labour supporters to the Lib Dems in that case in my opinion, it was an impossible position either way.
Sweet, this should be everywhere. Nothing'll trigger the groper like Obama simply performing his duty and still managing to do it in a memorable manner.
How is this a disaster for farage? His tactical standing down of candidates in certain areas helped the Tories. He's secured Brexit. Surely it's "mission accomplished"?
These ladies in conservative dresses are far more attractive than Katie Hill half naked.
Just because some dim-witted mouth-breathers want to live in a dictatorship, doesn't make it a good idea. If they want a dictatorship, I suggest they move to one. They're already ex-patriots.
She is a Disgusting and nasty human being
Given the enormous lengths Trump went to dodge taxes, even falsifying purchase records (which lead to increased rent for poor tenants) combined with his history of using charities as a tool for fraud... I'm going to say we'd be hard pressed to find any evidence of what you're asking for.
Treason. Not even light treason. Completely thought out, planned, purposeful, heavy, really heavy treason.
I applaud his courage in speaking like that, because he was fucking petrified of saying the wrong thing. 
It also isn't that small of a contribution, thousands will probably be helped by that amount.
TIL getting $1,000 in cash every month puts me at a disadvantage.

Well, I'd be happy to become so "disadvantaged".
Cool.  Can we start right now?
I don't see how people say she's attractive. Tops a 6/10, which I guess is higher than normal so men gonna be thirsty
But the eventual candidate isn't perfectly aligned with my provincial and unflappable worldview reeeeeeeee
Hurr durr F35 bad.
Jordan Klepper did a great piece for The Daily Show where at a Trump rally, his supporters were defending impeachment by saying “Read the Transcript!” Then he asked if they read the transcript and none of them read it. Hilarious, and a little scary. 


[URL]
I'd also like to see this controlled for freeze/thaw cycling. The expansion/contraction of water freezing and melting can wreck havoc on roads. Southern cities don't have to deal with this as much.
Yep![URL] nailed it right there. Perfect description.
Be careful at gym.  We know you go cause you got swole AF recently.  We remember when you were just a skinny truth merchant
I agree. That's why I said that while the foundation of beauty was rooted in evolution, today's beauty standards are a joke, based on deception, and non-functional. They are detrimental to both men and women.
You don’t think that it’s reasonable for destitute people to seek out areas where they won’t be harassed and where they can receive charity? You’re putting the cart before the horse. 
Lenin was correct: capitalists will sell us the rope to hang them.

Why we had anything to do with this demonic culture of Hate should make every decent person furious.  Put gigantic tariffs on these communist scum AND the corporations that profit from dealings with them.
I can't wait for the day that Bernie [URL] no other reason than that I am sick of seeing him plastered all over reddit
Cool thanks steyer I forgot what you said already but I'm sure it was fine
Captain Kenya still won't endorse the guy that called him clean and articulate

If if if if if if if if you hol up hol up hol up and suck my wife's feminine penis I'll endorse you Joe *fingers crossed*
Having an intelligent conversation with a Democrat is comparable to picking up a turd by the clean end.
They're pretty good at manufacturing Dem ballots out of thin air as well... While denying anyone entry to observe. Never shady...
Correct the record shills.  In 2016 Hillary’s campaign spent millions and millions of dollars to downvote Bernie content and upvote bullshit responses.   The thought was lots of upvotes = people will assume it’s the correct thought.   Same shit happens on reddit 4 years later.
Disney horrible lack of action with Star Wars has already damaged the brand beyond repair. 

They have destroyed Star Was. Toys are not selling. Games are shit. Movies are now bombing.

It's dead Jim. 


I'm pretty tired of people bitching and moaning that people aren't treating both sides equally when one side is lying unreservedly about everything whilst planning to sell off the NHS and to cosy up to Trump so we can pay more for worse quality stuff. Drop the false equivalence bullshit.
Mexico is a poor country.  Don't you feel guilty for depriving Mexico of these billions of dollars they could be pouring into the Mexican economy?
Macron is just as bad as Trump. Nobody in Europe likes him. Imagine supporting Macron in this
Considering time is a scarce resource, everything has to do with everything.

Why would you be fighting this fight while you are literally going extinct?  


In the hierarchy of needs, doesn't existence come before creating AnCap utopia? 
Indignant lower class wants to be able to claim hardership over destitute lower class.  Because reasons.
If you enjoy it then that's great. It has, however, gotten a lot of hate and there is an enormous Kotaku article about all of the things that went wrong it.

[URL]
No! I was saying the paranoia is GOOD lol 

Edit: but of course I can't reply completely without the obligatory fuck Bill Gates lol. No hate for Elon Musk but really I couldn't have less respect for Bill Gates. Fucking globalist.
OK how's this - Bernie has all the charisma of a damp rag.

I'm going to donate the shit out of his campaign.


Hot it thank you
obammer was a muslim but at least he wasnt no dirty damned catholic
Why are the admins asleep at 2 pm?
If your toaster wins, I will absolutely vote for it. 

Even if it's a little Smokey and burns the bread every now and then. It's definitely got more redeeming qualities than a racist, violent sexual predator, morbidly obese, unintelligent fascist.
Without a law like this our nobility will die out there was a documentary that showed that a lot of duchies and earldoms became extinct we only have a few dukes left
socialism with a capitalist bent

WTF does that even mean? The distingushin feature is who controls the means of production. It's not market, it's not social programs such as Medicare for All, and it's not the size of the government.
I don't know if its fair to call *all* of them stupid. The brainwashing is pretty damn powerful.

Anyone can have faulty beliefs if all they can see is garbage biased information. Even smart people.
Be wary of concern trolls.
Lol brilliant
If it were somehow possible to give an unbiased intelligence test, I would expect Trumpublican voters to score significantly less than general population.

How many dipshit conspiracy theories do you have to fall for before you catch on, really?
She's physically attractive, which of course is the pinnacle of achievement for any woman. But you libtards still don't like her!
Peoples own immoral reactions is not an adequate reason against wealth.  

What's the purpose of bringing this up if the only solution is to placate immoral people and strip away people's right to earn wealth and display it?

Shame being an argument against wealth is what I find absurd. 

You sound a little parched.  Stay hydrated.
They are being let though! It’s been a couple years of quiet and they get to come back as if nothing happened.
Will the executions be public? Because they should be. The world needs to know for sure they're gone. None of that Osama dumped into the ocean bullshit, or burning Hitler so no one can identify the body. I guess they need to be arrested first but sleepy Sessions isn't awake. 
Perfect. Every vote should count.

You talk about disenfranchised voters. Well, that's half the population in every state.
Because to limit your thinking to one arbitrary set of ideas on one side of an arbitrary axis is ridiculous and lazy
But then a family could not defend their house with a single weapon. Gun owner gets shot and the family is now stranded with a non-functional firearm. A lot of good that will do.
Warren is born into money. It's an big ask for her to change that. I'm doubtful that she has the backbone to. But I hope you're right.
I love what you said about not having a definitive answer. I've not understood why people think that someone who says they know how to solve everything is the one to choose. I like the open-mindedness of his ideas. 

I'm exhausted by the current administration, but Pete energizes me!
[So I'm ugly AND poor?]([URL])
"The corrupt dems aren't doing any legislating! And they are trying to bribe congress members with delicious apple pie! Dutch apple pie! The real collusion is the dirty dems and the Dutch!"
I think a significant portion of these police dashcams are just damaged and non-functional on a regular basis, and the force literally does not give a fuck about getting them fixed because it means they can get away with more shady shit without getting caught.
They are! My dream AR is pretty sick
pretty sure "education" makes me by definition not a neet, but keep trying to force your miserable worldview on me, I know incels are obsessed with their neet-dom
[URL]

[URL] - from Wikiped, the site that hosts the original data is unavailable due to US Shutdown

[URL]

~~[URL] - contradicts most of OP's image~~ This isn't strictly prison population

Most/all of these use data obtained from the Department of Justice
no worries, bro.  I wanted it to be true - but the outcry today would have been deafening if the plane had been stormed by dudes in full SWAT mode.  that was my first clue  ;)

MAGA ON!!
Do you not think that the environment changes behaviour?

I mean, in a competitive environment you compete; in a sharing environment, where important resources are NOT scarce, we behave in civilised, generous manner.

And **resources are not scarce** thanks to our knowledge of how nature's laws work.
So by this logic, an adult of sound mind would have the ability to make that choice. So I assume you support doctor assisted suicide for the terminally ill. 
Calling it now: Trump is going to endorse this asshat as repayment for falsifying his clean bill of health back in 2017. 

It’s sad how good I’m getting at clearly seeing through all this bullshit...
Well that much is obvious. I'm just glad this sub has people who recognize this and pizzagate to the fullest extent. Everywhere else I go people are still asleep
I'm generally wary of any call to take to the barricades, if only because I've rarely—if ever—seen it coming from anyone who expects to have to deal with the consequences themselves.
I mean, I wish I had a garage. For real. Couldn't afford a house with a garage and I live in a very cold state.
and are scared shitless that they will be abused in the same way that white people have [URL] much everyone else for centuries.

I've noticed this with homophobes. They're petrified that gay men are going to treat them like they treat women.
I have WL saying the source was a leak inside the DNC

Source?

The only thing I take issue with is your claim that "we know wikileaks received the dnc emails in DC". I haven't seen adequate evidence to make me think that's a fact, at all.
Seeing reliability and functionality in high levels of government is like being parched and finding an oasis in a desert these days. 
You have to have something in place that can get 50 votes for it to matter.  The house bill had what 44?  Up until Ryan made promises that it would be adjusted in committee and not passed, skinny repeal was short at least that much maybe more.  
Because Collusion Isn't A GD Crime You Filthy Peace of Shit Nadler.. There is something About this Slimey Shit Bag .. There HAS To Be A Crime Or Evidence There Of .. To Open A Investagation.. Or A  special Counsel.!!! Unless you are Orange Man BAD..
Homer Simpsons voice: "U-R-GAY ?" Socialism is a dictators wet dream, "shifting" away from it is impossible while the the same money and power are in place.
Cause if there's one thing T_D hates it's seeing pictures of the president plastered all over /r/popular
I think shrill has an association with being loud and high pitched, thus why it's usually used with women
I’m not seeing any calm being projected.
Yes. My gold eagle trump hat came in a box that was equally damaged. Tons of other packages never get a dent. 
Wait. I thought DJT had thin skin. How did he survive without getting triggered.  Woke pussies could learn from him.
Not even terminally ill. Regular, generally non fatal illnesses kill without help.
I love how all the Russian useful idiots are downvoting a story about Russian disinfo campaigns, they are so petrified of losing control of the narrative here and of the truth.
Liked the fear mongering at the end, quite tasty
No. Most of the danger from opiates comes from black market fentanyl and other contaminants.  The risk of those would likely be reduced with legalization as legitimate supply chains would take over distribution.
Qadam population was depleted from a pre war 100,000 to only 1,000. It seems East Ghouta had more people because it has many farms. Even 40,000 out of a pre war population of 400,000 when the battle began is possible.  
You asked a silly and vague question. You want evidence that our economy won’t suffer under continued CU membership vs the Boris Brexit alternative? See the years of growth between 1973 - 2016.
In the 90s we had a giant hole in the ozone, then in the 2000s that hole apparently closed up tight and is now holding in those harmful greenhouse gases humans keep pushing up there. Clown world.
Don't you see that polls proven to be faulty shouldn't be taken seriously? 
according to you then coast guard/ICE/border patrol end up not getting a pay raise while DOD civilians get one? GTFO here.

when military gets pay raises the DOD civilians get one too. why are you only cool with DOD civilians getting pay raises?
 Be wary of the Kurds.

Sounds kinda racist...
This guy is an extra in literally everything. He’s in the cafeteria in Spider-Man 1 when Peter park beats up the bully. Honestly, if you google “chubby curly haired extra” you will easily find him. 
Clinton watched as the genocide in Rwanda happened. And don’t forget some of the massacres in Bosnia. So he’s not entirely spotless.
I think I'll dress up as Bill Clinton this Halloween since all of you half-wits seems to be petrified of him.
The presidents past and current behavior should not be considered partisan. Everything the acting president does impacts all of America.
We still don’t know who Trump is. And that’s a enormous problem. Period.
Obama is the divisive criminal who damaged the USA so badly and he has treasonous lowlifes such as Comey shifting the blame to Russia. Lock. Them. Up.
You'll have to excuse me, I didn't realize /u/mbWid was talking about CNN and not MSNBC (the network in the OP). It was late, I was a bit tipsy, ya know how it can be.
"Well actually the bbc fact checking site said that actually it just could be a coincidence that 120,000 people died, it might not be austerity it could be a different thing."

Bleh.

The fight back begins. It looked dark under Thatcher.

We will win.
And his "skinny repeal" only had 18% support.

You pushed this bullshit, Mitch, and its failure is yours to own.
You're confusing the left with liberals. I agree neoliberals are content to support every project of the Modern American Empire, no matter how horrific, but leftists like Sanders are fundamentally opposed to them.
I could believe that Miller and others wrote the letter, read it out loud to Trump, and he added all the sentences ending with exclamation points.
Dubya is a better comparison.  For chrissakes Donald Rumsfeld plastered bible verses over his war memos only to find ourselves in a quagmire.

Trump is literally worse than Dubya!
I drank, passed out and when I woke up my lap was all wet. All I want to know is who pissed my pants while I was asleep! 

I'm guessing that the republicans don't want a trial because they are just as dirty with Ukraine as the dems.
It's eerily calm in the house now that it's moved on to "boring" matters. Much nicer now that most of the unruly MP's are out of there!
I think its pretty obvious hes not a socialist
Intelligent writing.... pick up a history book mr high and mighty supposedly smart person.

Writing isn't the only indication of intelligence...

Roflmao, the fact you are so ignorant to think/say that.

Here, educate yourself with a very old but goldie. [URL]
"It was rigged for the left" would still be (marginally) true even if the candidate made all the right moves. It would still be able to get twisted on right-wing media regardless.
David Perdue. It’ll be a cold day in hell before he drops support for Trump.
And then there was ushered in 1,000 years of darkness, blood and frogs rained from the sky as Mammon took his twisted throne
Pouring one out tonight for /r/watchpeopledie
A dry sponge to your tongue for even suggesting it!
You know, I never understood why being called a dog is supposed to mean you're ugly. Dogs are adorable! I wish I could look as cute as a corgi or Samoyed
Obama's presidency was mediocre at best, he simply benefits from being sandwiched between two of the worst presidents in history.  
History will be unkind to us
white nationalism =/= alt right, alt right is a defined political ideology, which includes many racist views blah blah blah, but you’re making too many broad generalization, aka faulty generalization fallacy 
It's really more like left wing extremism because *Muslims [inaudible] ... Israel... Liberals [inaudible], borders ... her emails ... Hussein[?] Obama and the Demoncrats [sic].* ^[citation ^needed]
We hate each other because we think the other hates us. I’m happy to work with auth communists if they’re happy to work with us.
It's funny how the AMA was also cross posted on notoriously sinophobic subreddits r/China and r/hongkong
I grew up attending a UCC church, and it was really eye opening to see how other denominations interpreted the Bible. It seemed so twisted and regressive, yet in America the views I grew up with are considered the aberation.
yep. but definitely Jews.

edit in case it doesn't come across as facetious on the internet, it was meant to be funny; it's all silly imo.
Eh, it's more complicated than that. There's "ancient alien" bullshit for things like Stonehenge (and stone circles in general), European vitrified forts, Greek cyclopean masonry, the Minoan civilization... Though you are right that it ends up effectively racist.
Our gym shorts were soaked in bone spur sweat!
And in this social construct you should still be holding tight to your wallet. AOC has made her intentions clear enough. 
Tulsi was the first to defend Assange. She spoke out immediately following his arrest. From Bernie it was deafening silence for a long time. He finally made a statement in which he did not even refer to Assange by name.
I know lol just wanted to put them side by side to make it crystal clear for any lurking antifa / nutcases who disagree
Excellent point mirror.
I like him.  Seems to give more philosophically sound answers than say Gary Johnson but also manages to keep them palatable to those who would be otherwise averse to libertarian "policies".  With any luck he will convert some Canadians like Ron Paul converted some Americans.
Interesting fact: When you Google "damp squib" Lindsey Graham is the first result. 
It is about as likely a late swing will go in the opposite direction than you expect.

With Cummings playbook and current spend, the Tories are going to go big and hard at social media ads in the next few days, specifically targeting people who you won't notice.
Nancy is a very capable politician, she really does know what she is doing despite it not being satisfactory to her base.
even more time pouring over our tax returns

Coffeemaking is getting way too complex for me 
And everyone in the red states and ~49% of the voters in swing states will fall for it. The first because MAGA, the second because they're "centrists" and are tired of slow honest recovery under Dems, they'd rather be lied to and stolen from under Republicans.
Lol,yeah when you do a world avg where 60% of the world is destitute it will average out the loss of western wages.
Democracy, what a silly idea! \*everyone laughs\*
He has a right to habeas corpus, as the statute makes crystal clear.
This would be a most satisfactory outcome. And throw in a burial at sea to defuse the ginger martyrs.
Al green with his sick crying child photo, what a despicable person.
The world where summits are the culmination of years of diplomatic work and not some hastily thrown affair designed to score cheap political points. But by all means feel free to lecture me on how the Trump administration doing it backwards is the way things work here in reality and not a stunning display of his own incompetence
That would be both controversial and fucking hilarious.
Because we are tired of someone allowing companies to use asbestos and then 35% of the country sucking his dick because he called the other 65% names. 

How about we get past the school yard bullying and actually work to make shit better?
So laws created around public property are more important than on private property? Sounds pretty communist.
The US is [less globalized]([URL]) than most developed economies. Presumably the US could just keep chugging. Capital flight to the US could be large in such a scenario, which might seriously help us.
if thats trashy libs are gorgeous 

&#x200B;

maga baby
That's not what he said but it's possible that you're right. From what I've seen not every website checks for age so I'm going to assume that Ben wants the "yes I am 18" button.
It’s like a combat variant of main. When blue and yellow flag is soaked by blood it becomes black and red.

[like this]([URL]) 

Edit: add link
Not everyone can be as attractive as Trump.
Brexit is by far the biggest issue of the day.

Their policy on that is crystal clear -especially when compared to position Labour is taking.
he should've stayed in the race, every time he opened his mouth he damaged the party with his insane rhetoric.
It wasn't meant to be funny

I was making fun of you

...

Make fun of: tease, laugh at, or **joke** about (someone) in a mocking or unkind way.
England voted for a Tory government. Why blame Corbyn for that at all? They went with what aligns with their views for the future. Which happens to be a fat, cheating, lying, coward who will cripple the economy. That's just what the English like apparently.
How long til they realize that racism isn't as bad as they claim. Not only that, but do they claim that racism is getting worse by talking about it non stop and not letting certain voices (like young, white, christian, conservative men) be heard?
“Actual violence has broken out”

So, caging people isn’t violent?

Detaining US residents without due process isn’t violence?
"[URL] impossible to argue..."

If the evidence already here isnt enough then nothing will be.
I hope so!!  She probably knows that will happen.  That's why she didn't speak last night.  Probably petrified.
I’ll post the CDC study done under the obama administration if that would help??? Actually you go find it you lazy obese mouth breather. I’m not doing your homework for you. 
It's so rambling and thick (1100 pages?) it can hold a pretty hefty door ajar.

AOC will remain in Congress to work for the people.

That is ridiculous.  

^(One can't hold the office of president and Representative simultaneously.)
I caught Snopes in one political lie and have completely lost faith in them. Anyway, he was a process server, who can be an officer of the court. The silence about his death is deafening!
Layla is the perfect leader. But you all are right in regards to her history. 

But I don't believe it sinks her. I think it just needs an extremely smart and thorough counter/statement/etc. No Farron games. Pure, simply, clarification and resolution.
Loud light is so awesome, I’ll never not upvote
They even had the entire country petrified with checking their mail, remember that?
does that explain the broken hyoid bone? I genuinely don't know.
This guy is a hero and should be given British citizenship. 
He has added more value to the world than 99.9% of others, by allowing us mere mortals to see how twisted and dark the US government is.
Well you see... intelligent people understand the concept that what gym Jordan does is not done well but done without a shit to give. Being ruthless and being intelligent are categorically opposite ideals.
"Sorry but WV sucks."

You're not sorry, you're an ass who thinks saying "sorry" somehow makes your opinion more palatable. 
It's perfectly legal to say those things, doesn't mean you are right and *doing* those things are illegal. But simply stating them out loud or in a public forum isn't going to get you into any trouble legally
Oh so that deafening roar is the air whooshing through the space between your ears. Gotcha, makes sense now. 

Not sure if you're a shit troll or a shit person, either way your tears will no doubt sustain us through the next four years of bungling ineptitude and irreversible damage to our society. 
You’ve done it, you’ve broken the anti-gun lobby down to its bare essentials!
Trump is as filthy low life as they come.
🎶And I don’t know if I can do it,

Oh no I bent my arms, 

I haven’t blinked at all🎶
Conservatives title there any video as being funny...
Why do these liberals keep misspelling “supremacist” as “nationalist” in these fits of political correctness?

Do not call a snake by the name caterpillar. Do not call a hungry lion by the name house cat.
"I feel asleep" then he goes on to talk about all the stuff Obama said. Pretty lame insult if you are going say something like that, then don't go on to talk about it. 
The final YouTube Avenetti vid [URL]
Unfortunately it doesn’t matter what it says. It could say the Mike and Donald killed Seth Rich in cold blood and it would get ignored by the right.
hahahhaa, and today is the day when the telegraph finally lost any last tiny vestiges of credibility.

Even Andrew Neil was mocking the tories today for that claim, a few jokes at the Tories being stalinist in their policies....
We get it, youre a fascist

[URL]

"I started following this sub cuz i didnt understand what stonetoss was.

Now i read a good amount of those comics - like the actual ones - and don't think theyre that bad?

Thanks for intro-ing me to Stonetoss silly sub."
It seems like people advocating solely solar and wind energy are just totally ignoring the enormous amount of land area and magic battery storage that would require. 

Phasing out nuclear because of the radiation bogeyman is idiotic.
What better way to decide a national energy policy than the whims of a fat, sudafed addled, golfer.
But nowhere near as tasty.
Here the report on college education. We probably rank pretty low relative to countries with “free” tuition. [URL]
That'd be money well spent, but I think a more gradual approach would be more palatable. It'd be better to incentivize people to get rid of their guns rather than simply mandating it. 
If he loses big in 2020, I think he'd lose a lot of that R popularity.
Exxon's CEO has one vote. You have one vote.

Exxon's CEO can donate millions of dollars to get their candidate's face plastered on every wall

You can choose to not vote for whoever you see on the wall
"Someone cast a spell on a YouTube comment and it came to life".  That one's going go be unforgettable.
haha okay biden. you and spotless obama. give me a break
Easy, the best candidate for me was Frans Timmermans. Not only did he smash it last night (like he’s done repeatedly) but he and his group also have the most attractive policies overall.
Yeah. This post is fake news.

Her hair gets caught on the button of his suit jacket and he says "Oop! Hold on! It got caught on [inaudible]." then he fixes it and brushes the errant hairs back into place.
Yeah, she’s obviously unhappy and insecure. All this desperate boasting is a front. She’s always scowling. The unhappiness is in her eyes.
She'll light up an intern or two tho
Good thing faulty machines will get covered up and their results certified all the same. It's all good so long as it's unreported, unchecked and unverified.
Hell freezing over
I truly pity the people of Yemen. 

Not only are they suffering the consequences of civil war and live on the verge of drought, but their complete lack of analysts must make business dealings extremely difficult.
Unless it’s a special occasion...
We all are. That's what happened when you try to make every defense possible regardless of how many are contradictory.
I'm quiet drunk and we have 40 mins to go.
Peterson is for people who get enamoured by permutations of impressive sounding words . He  peddles Nieztsche for a living and the only reason he has a fan base is because he tells losers that they aren't losers. This recent rise of pseudo intellectuals has been horrific.
That is too bad considering his ongoing corruption lowers ethical standards for future presidents.
Someone should tell Natalie, Sleepy Joe has the cure for cancer, but ONLY if he becomes the President.
Well, the stupid ones are the ones who stop these situations. 

So, keep up the good work of not protecting anyone and law abiding citizens will keep covering you to run.  

Sleep tight knowing your neighborhood is protected by guns lol.
 Reason: Correlation equals causation

I think the claim is less that one is causing the other, more than the increase isn't the barrier to access that people claim. Presenting a correlation is perfectly adequate under those circumstances
Bernie has been vetted for 40 years, scrutinized as closely as possible, and ***still*** their best criticisms are "he's old" and "he's rich". Tells you a lot about a candidate.
Nah, you just opened your eyes to what everyone has been seeing since Nixon. The GOP and conservatives are authoritarian racists who are quick to abandon democracy and liberty when their way of life is ***threatened by a black man who became their better for the first time in US History.***
History will be unkind to you collaborators.

Edit: I have to stop watching this thing. These people are the fucking worst and all of them deserve to go to jail. Shame. Shame on the GOP.
You have the unsolvable Israel-Palestinian relationship in your top 10 issues? Are you Palestinian or do you just care significantly more about issues half way around the world than you do about domestic issues?
I wish mine didnt, same things break if you look at them funny and cost [URL] 2 replace!!!
That’s a pretty minimal impact.

Any impact is unacceptable.  I want my grandchildren to have clean ground water.  Whether is is 25 yards or 25 million yards it is still fucking up our environment.
We have West Indians and Africans making our clothes and shoes instead, and yet there is effective silence on that issue as well.

In reality, British people don’t care as long as their consumer goods arrive on time and remain cheap.
I'd wager that the number of people who are destitute versus the number of people who are economically comfortable is more a function of culture on a local level than a function of any grand designs by the powers that be.
I'm talking about reputable organizations like NPR though, and even the CDC seems to be conflating the two. 

It's making me sympathize with my trump supporting friend from HS who is always going on about how newscasters sound idiotic talking about guns because they can't even get the terminology right.
These are incredibly important endorsements.
Im happy to report that after a week of deep sadness and anger about Kamala dropping out, just about all my fellow khive supporters are also switching to Biden.
they are just regrouping drafting the rebuke tweets. they will raise their ugly heads soon enough.
Is it likely that anyone other than the DUP and Sinn Fein will actually win any seats? They didn't last time.
Forgiveness is so far past gone that I couldn't even imagine it. I just hope this is unforgettable and that years from now we're still cringing in shame over what we've allowed to happen here.
Gun control disproportionally affects low income blacks and minorites. Gov Coonman knows exactly what he's doing.
Imo that would be horrific. People too stupid to vote being forced to vote would lead us to a place worse than Trump inevitably.
And even though they number in the billions and hold a tremendous amount of power in their parts of the [URL]'re helpless minorities that must be protected by skinny white liberal idiots in masks.
China isn't anywhere close to securing  global hegemony for crying out loud. It's a local power mared in its own internal problems.
Singh's seat is in Burnaby South though and it was pretty tight while Singh is in riding on PST.
Obligatory Triple Dog Dare
If you're unhappy with her you should have elected better parties.

Just as if your unhappy with whoever the new minister of x will be.
I mean the studies are pretty cut and dry (Fox news viewers getting facts wrong), unless you're suggesting that they faked the data?
 Tulsi as SOS

LOL!  Poetic justice!  She would be perfect, no more regime change wars, no more preemptive strikes and deleterious alliances with tyrannical regimes.
honestly, you guys are the most thin skinned pathetic lot on this shit excuse for a world.
I think it's an honest interpretation on how society views fat vs skinny.
" I can't fine it wahhh!" 

2017 nobel prize winner.
[URL]
Summery, his work extends into a thesis and a book. He revolutionized the way governments economics are formulated.

It's hilarious, how do you get around being so idiotic.  Go learn to breathe.
Right - he needed a subordinate to do the editing so he could retain his spotless weasel reputation - Lordy!
I remember watching a documentary in high school that talked about this and how the governments allowed the law to treat a corporation as an individual and that has basically been one of the worst developments of modern civilization.
She could have just said, “SATAN LIVES WITHIN ME! 
I LOVE LYING!!! IT FILLS THE DEPTHS OF MY DEEP DARK EMPTY SOUL!!!”
And many don't, I adsume. Meaningkess word.



You adsume (sic) many don't are tired? 

This comment was so full of fail that I'm almost impressed. Almost.
Trayvon Martin unavailable for comment.
That's cool, but do you have Capri sun for when we get parched? I always sweat when battling the beys 
Oh man getting tipsy after all this
One of the suspects was apparently a Black Hebrew Israelite at one point in time. Do they consider themselves Jewish? I have no idea.
Don't hate, pity.  He is such a horrible miserable person that the best thing you can do is pity him because he lives with such denial.
And the difference between those and the quiet supporter is what ?
I am weary of them. And wary.
 I briefly watched Rush Limbaugh's TV show when it was on 

So there's simply no way for this conversation to come to a satisfactory end unless I take action, I guess.
Yeah, gonna be difficult to get a job in male-to-female transition studies.
This is hilarious though actually.
Not young Americans.  We're full-on waging a cold civil war with the old 'fuck you, we got ours' crowd.
Voting in NI for the first time. I've always enjoyed it here that if you put "unionist" in your party name, you get votes no matter what in certain areas.
So it's open season on Barron then?
Oh, dude - "fake" is the word they're using for "unkind" now.  

Labour wouldn't support it even if this happened because they'd lose way more than they'd gain

Conservatives do better than Labour under PR because Labour would lose loads of voters who tactically vote against the Tories. The right isn't nearly as depleted
10k in cash still won't help you if you get a chronic condition or need surgery or for something like cancer. Insurance is basically hoping you have a lifeline in case some real bad shit goes down. Otherwise for general healthcare it's a total racket.
This was a pattern in ancient Rome I believe as well, although it was plebs and patricians - one was the wealthy elite, one was the common folk.

Oh the parallels to Ancient Rome never seem to stop
Old post but considering he’s been arguing to legalize drugs, gay marriage, and give women reproductive rights, along with pulling us out of every war we’ve been in in the last 50 years, he is 100x more libertarian than Rand Paul
Refusing to support your own father while thrust in the public eye is a difficult ask, even a father as demonstrably hideous as Donald Trump.
Oh the tears are so delicious.
This election is a perfect test of that. Con maj = dark timeline. Hung parl = bantzone. Lab maj = ???
Economics is about the distribution of scarce resources. Giving people who are disproportionately wealthy or will likely be more wealthy due to the advantage of a college education and degree money to consume resources limits the amount of resources for other people. Opportunity costs exist with that 1.6 trillion dollars.
 They are mostly just miserable and want the rest of us to join them.

That's how I'd characterize the point of view of someone whose intelligence was comparable to rocks.
	getting bent over and fucked by every major corporation.

Can we stop using homoeroticism as code for an unconsensual act? If you want to use rape as an analogy, then do that explicitly without the implicit homophobia.
You can be a CEO but you *shouldn’t be*, anything else (other than a cop) is good though, happy to hear you got out of his twisted logic :)
No, it's so GREEN! (Honestly, from drought- parched Southern California you have a wonderfully hydrated state.)
eh she looks like my crazy drunk russian ex who had fetal alcohol syndrome,who had a much harder life then the BS greta tries to peddle
Seriously, there's something about her face that's unsettling. I don't believe the whole lizard-people conspiracy, but she certainly makes me wonder...
Tory government WILLINGLY gives FOREIGN, OBESE, home INVADER list of Britons' PRIVATE information
Honestly I don't see it. Back then his hair was thinning. Now it just looks like he combs it over. Like it's still thin, you can see his scalp

Also, this doesn't even matter in the slightest
The first line in the article (or picture caption, whatever) says something like “Will these accusations of sexism hurt the company’s sales?”

No, it will actually probably boost them. Angry liberals protesting something is like free advertising for the thing.
The fact that Europeans let themselves be soaked for even more taxes than we do does not mean we aren't taxed too much.
I see that! You're #1 on the leaderboard right now! jbabramowitz will be unavailable for a while, so you have a good chance of winning the coveted Berninating The Countryside badge.
Tebow used to do that and the GOP got a chubby for him.
On the first day of 1776, my true love gave to me, 
A cartridge for a parched tree.  
Then Everything Changed: Stunning Alternate Histories of American Politics: JFK, RFK, Carter, Ford, Reagan by Jeff Greenfield. 
Bushfire conditions are not weather?

The amount of mental gymnastics here to try and say that hot weather is proof of something, but cold weather is not and should be ignored, is amazing.
Marx - mediocre?

You're talking mad shit for someone in revolution distance
I dont like Trump but that still does not make Amy Schumer funnier then a damp soggy turd
It's more to do with the effects of your oil reserves being depleted.
Yeah abducted by greed, ineptitude, and dirty Russian money..
Small price to pay for freedom.
The door is ajar.
 Damn shame those racists are so good at covering their tracks with rational-sounding and coherent argument and thought. So friggin sneaky.

Well, it's too bad all that "rational-sounding and coherent argument and thought" is totally inaudible when drowned-out by [genuine racist screwballs like these.]([URL])
He is literally siding a fascist. Trump has wet dreams about being able to run America the same way. This is the America the right wants, a judeo-christian fascist state. So... **Anti-America**.
Looks like animals are going to go extinct purely because of this administration.
This dude is hideous 
You know, I'm really said about Kaine as well. Despite all the mudslinging that took place over the election, he came out pretty much spotless. I think it really shows how upstanding and respectable he is. 
Let me just say. If I’m every in a retirement home and getting bussed to a sleepy sleazy pedophiles campaign speech, please end me. LOL
Definitely going to make them see the light with that attitude.
Didn't you hear them all say "I'm with her"? i.e., laying on a sofa with a damp cloth on their heads.
Heheh, good comeback.  We shall see.  There are many events in the womb of time which will be delivered.
"I don't like their president, so I want to financially punish every American citizen, even the poor, destitute and those that agree with me."
Entering the country illegally is a misdemeanor. Have you ever jaywalked? Been tipsy in public, maybe? Maybe smoked a little weed? Do you support separating and indefinitely detaining the children of people who do any of those things?
thats fine w me I made this with the content of a meme page
This speech is brilliant. What were the other 4?
I think he is an intelligent guy. I like his change my mind segments. I also like his interview with James O'keefe. But his comedy bits are cringe worthy. Most of his joke fall flat. He just isn't that funny.
I like it and i think we should go one further and allow terminally ill patients the right to assisted suicide by doctor. 
SHS is also physically grotesque, while Nielsen is attractive.  That's a big deal overall, but especially in the conservative propaganda world.
It's shocking to me that he's allowed to speak, but he plays a useful role that allows Republicans to say "that's just Steve! He doesn't represent our party!"
Gay/Single parents are bad for a child... that's not a Jesus thing it's a verifiable fact so far as the evidence has it. If you want to talk Christian theology I'm open for it however you might find that Christians are far more tolerant than you think... little miss assumptions and hate
No we can't do 50 seats. We must avoid Ruth Davidson skinny dipping at all costs.
Fibs are just one example.

The most important part of the applicant answering the question is to see how they problem solve, so perhaps the question should be intentionally hard or unsolvable.
They would rather lose and fundraise off of outrage rather than fix their shit and clean out the corruption.
“BMI ,.. Bacon Mayo and Italian Sausage?

That’s making me hungry.  

Get me one of those now.”

— Trump (possibly?)
It started on the chans as the 30 year old boomer meme, which wasn't even negative. Somehow, that got twisted into lazy dismissivness, not sure how though.
The messege is always in the messege bringer. American blacks needed a leader. Now they have one. It was impossible but now it is possible. Revive us Lord
But muh due process (Hillary Clinton, Central Park 5, stop-and-frisk for black Chicago residents alone, toddlers incarcerated for over a year in filthy, freezing dog kennels).
It's a hodgepodge of people, all of them unhappy. As long as "Macron the Globalist" is out of power, the French will have another chance to elect LePen. Fingers crossed.
And actual wealth. And innovation. And the good sense to hire competent people to run the companies he inherited so he could spend his time innovating aircraft and dating actual gorgeous, attractive women.
Two Saudi flagged tankers are said to have been internally damaged. A Norwegian tanker struck externally at the waterline, and no details of the UAE tanker.

So far there are no reports of bone saws being used on the Saudi ships.
Sputnik has a spotless reputation. They have never had to retract a story.
Yeah there's something about really tight rhythm, cleanish guitars and breakup songs through a bad microphone. Lol.   
I like Snail Mail and Alvvays too
Honestly, those are really nice pics. My daughter is just a couple weeks old, I'm so excited! 

And sleepy. Sleepy. 
I didn't call them misdemeanours

A small amount of weed isn't a misdemeanour if you have priors and are not allowed to carry or ingest drugs. Besides, a small amount of weed, weighed into gram bags (or even if you're in possession of the bags) will be intent to distribute/sell.
I agree it's not murder, that's fair. But they would go extinct. Genocide in the sense of extinction not mass murder.
No,. don't join antifa, Delicious Donut!
Ok that sounds tight
Modern day democracy is pretty transparent, no need to defend yourself from your leaders when you elect those same people
Well that's because if it's free, then it won't be scarce because you can get as much as you want!
Windmills. Low flow toilets. Light bulbs. Saying Happy Thanksgiving. These are the issues that trump discusses in the last six weeks??!
A return to the policies that made us the sick man of Europe while claiming to have a monopoly on virtue.

Privatization has been an unmitigated disaster.
Agreed. I find the idea that says "only the government can have guns" to be very unsettling.  
Ways and Means right now are delighted Trump is highlighting their request isn't frivolous...
Positive discrimination isn't perfect, but it's much better than the existing system.

Well, it's not better if it leads to resentment from what would otherwise be your voters, resulting in historical defeat of your progressive party, and bringing a much less progressive party into power.
Yeah, that's pretty silly.

We need to move off it, but lets not lie that it'll be some big economic boost. If it were, we wouldn't need taxes and policies to make it happen.
Yeah, it happens every time. Apparently it’s fine here to openly spew hatred and discrimination towards certain people.

It’s not that bad yet, haven’t seen people calling to hunt them to extinction yet, so they must be busy with the election.
Ya know, rather than just shoot Trump like they did Kennedy...

Maybe Ted Cruz's dad was unavailable.

/s
No matter how self-damaging his answers Fox News et al will manage to only show the rare times he does not look completely crooked. After which he will announce "Completely Vindicated!" 

Pelosi should hang onto the impeachment papers until after the election.
Big polluters will crush them in court, or bleed them dry, or assassinate them.
it doesn't have to do with that. I'm saying that according to you France is an example where there was an exodus of rich people because of potential taxes, yet it's a pretty poor example apparently.
During a loud concert like that it'd be practically inaudible. As it were some videos from last night showed people thinking it was fireworks. 
He could make a fortune bottling those tears, they are delicious
They call it the American dream because you have to be asleep to believe it
Cool. Which bit of *no [URL] campaigner said we should remain in the single market or customs union during the referendum campaign* is a lie?

Because your link didn't show any.
Lol fair enough. The line between freedom fighter and terrorist is thin and in the eye of the beholder. But it's also a movie
Low key shade at Gaetz.
"There's a billionaire in the race, therefore billionaires don't have as much influence as people think."

Impeccable logic. 
Dear Mitt, just remember he is the President and you will be Democrat rentboy....  Ask Obama who bent you over and you said house, car, plane and swampy job....
I dunno, man. Watch a warren takedown vs a Bernie takedown in congress sometime. Warren is vastly more measured and authoritative. Bernie is loud and a bit grating. I feel Like warren is just as vicious but more effective because she's so calm as she does it.
Look, you dated a Ukrainian. You were broken up with. That's clearly no reason to extend your bitter hate to *all* Ukrainians. But truth be told, I do feel bad for the immense pain you feel, and hope you can find someone to replace that hole in your heart soon.
Would love to read it and up rec Tom P but would rather swim in scalding water then to give that particular site a click. 

Please: Post here or Caucus99 so I can read this probably wonderful post by the fine writer Tom P. 
I like how the article calls out the ADP reports poor track record
Bunch of free loaders on this thread lol maybe stop being mediocre and get your priorities straight. This is coming from an immigrant btw 
And because the majority of the country either loves this or just doesn't care. 

Or in one word: religion. 

Why does Alabama stay red despite being fucked over for decades? Because the people would rather go hungry than go against the orders of the Church.
Tbh I think all politicians should be 100% transparent to the point of being able to see all money going into their bank accounts upon request.
Constantly changing information; cameras didn't work, guards 😴 asleep, screams unanswered, the long fall for hanging was less than 3 feet but neck bones broke. 

This has KILLARY ARKANCIDE written all over it.
To be fair there just isn't evidence that it happened. Given their use of unsecured phones and poor record keeping (if not malicious destruction), it's still possible it happened without a record.
Good point, he's not even a billionaire.
Iran's regime is horrific, but lots of Iranians are good people.
Those silly Ancaps, the government has expanded to a global government and has thrown me in a gulag. My pacifism should end the state at any moment now.
Pretending to be too stupid to understand a simple sentence, yet somehow superior to the writer of said sentence, simply doesn't work. 

It's also pretty transparent how committed you are to carrying their water.
Keith Stanovich introduced the construct of dysrationalia ("the inability to think and behave rationally despite having adequate intelligence") and has written books about it. The basic idea seems to be something that rationalians and petersonians could totally appropriate to themselves though.
I don't disagree I know certain parts of the country are total Trump country. I'm just not from one so I don't see it first hand.
This sentiment will persist all over the planet, white man. Doesn't matter what you give them, what you sacrifice to them or how much you agree with them. They want you extinct and South Africa is your future as a minority in any nation where you were once a majority.
Why dirty your hands throw him a few rubies, tell him his hair is gorgeous, or hire a blonde lady of the night resembling his daughter. 
Gosh I’m so sick of them trying to say the real Nazis are the Democrats.
They did exactly the same with Rory Stewart.

Transparent and fairly sickening.
Remember it's fine to make people live in hideous soul crushing concrete blocks because it means they get to live in a philosophy
Fuck me that sure is some goalpost moving whiplash.

Notice what I quoted: 

where one side

There. That's it. Stop claiming to be innocent or without corruption. It is a damning indictment of the remain campaign that all its biggest cheerleaders lie that they are spotless.
A. ny. thin. g.
inb4 admins quietly change the ban reason to "vIOleNt CoNtENt"
  is unhappy and is searching for the magic bullet. And it’s never a great strategy to search for the magic bullet. The president clearly wants it to end and wants to put an end to it.”

Just me, or does this conjure up a very dark alternative meaning?


That doesn't make any sense. It's not like there aren't women who are mentally or physically disabled, ill, old, obese, just ugly, etc.
Get in the shower immediately. Steel wool will be required and scalding hot water. 
It's possible, he is a millionaire already though.
I've been calling Gowdy The Deep State Towne Crier from day one. Check me out for sauce. Chaffetz, a mediocre college football kicker was also a target of my ire when he and his mormon brethren out West renounced DRGEPOTUS 2 weeks before the election. Laces out Chaffetz you fuck!  
That room must smell musky, damp like a swamp.
"i have black friends" 

&#x200B;

pretty rare we see one of these in the wild folks, everyone take a good close look
You're literally saying the government couldn't set up a public option bc they're too incapable but they could definitely set up a full single payer system. It's sort of silly honestly.
How in the fuck are republicans allowed to just lie like this?
From an idiot named "OpieDope" that is hilarious. You are less intelligent than a dead chipmunk.
As I'm not from a region known for it's own BBQ tradition, I have to say I haven't had a style that wasn't delicious.
Yeah. Each party's candidate is *just* shitty enough to make the other one almost palatable.

We get it. Yay democracy.
That kid’s suspender game is tight. 
 While this is true, by the age the child is mentally matured enough to make such a serious decision it is (as far as I know) too late.

Never too late to get your penis damaged and at least it would be their choice
Trump jpkes have beenaroundfor [at least 30 years]([URL]), including a famous run of comic strips about how ridiculous it would be if he ran for president.

And before that, they were [writing protest songs about his father]([URL]).
As much as he'd give any other campaign staff, there's no special treatment.
I'm so exhausted and frustrated that we keep allowing this man to keep pulling shit like this. This is so fucking transparent and I don't get why we allow this to keep happening. 
Indicting random Russians in absentia (who have thus far been prevented from defending themselves by Mueller's stonewalling) plus entrapping a guy to convict him for process crimes isn't exactly a stunning victory.
You know what? Say it to Congress under oath. If you're saying it to the media, that's not testimony, its spin. 

Testify! Or in light of all prevailing evidence, people have the right to presume your absence as an admission that you are guilty as shit.
r/nottheonion content right here. I’m sure I’d just get called racist if I post it there however.
Because they are scared of not having a centrist in the White House to fuck up progressive work.
Which sections were marked inaudible by the stenographers?
what a unique statement that nobody has ever heard before. do you want a second chance to say something useful?
Columbine, parkland, aurora, mandalay bay etc - as far as I know these were all agendaless despite a horrific amount of people dying because the shooters were mentally unstable or wanted revenge for bullying or whatever.
why do you have so many tabs open
Supposedly he meant that after 9/11, Bush kept all us snug as a way to spill the beans.
Thing is, all good political icons can be (and are) written on bathroom walls. Just look at the first couple that springs to mind. Circle-A, Swastika, hammer and sickle, star, etc. This just doesn't fill the 'simple and memorable' criteria.
Memes usually aren’t funny when you have to explain it.
They often try to blame Trump for Obama's failings. [Why was the media so quiet during the Obama years?]([URL])
Black Panther is a very mediocre movie. 
Cool. Maybe tomorrow 700 scientists will sign a letter, then after that another 700 hair stylist the next day and only then will Donald Trump will remain president. 

Trump 2020
He knows that. I'm just scared he'll say no.

There's no reason to be scared.  It's **your** decision if that ever happens.  He doesn't get to "allow" you to do anything, as it isn't up to him.
Underrated brilliant tweet.
also obligatory comment "I live/study/born in China. This is why China is dystopian bs and Xi Jinping bad. Because I claimed I've been there it must be true and those who disagree with me are just dumb CCP shiils!"
Who would actually put this info out? I’d be less annoyed if she didn’t have ANY heritage. This is so asinine. 
"it's going to be an unmitigated disaster and we're all going to suffer greatly but at least the Remoaners will be unhappy." What a prince.
What? Like what, abandoning ground won by the US military to Russians or dumping South Korea off to China in exchange for a trademark on Trump Diapers. Or deporting terminally ill children? No way. That's crazy.
We agree here then. I'm not defending the conservatives, I think trolls should be banned, obviously. I'm just annoyed by the upvotes and support liberals get when they post something like "Go fuck yourself moron". 
The point was polls like this suck mate.  The farmers thing is irrelevant and probably equally silly, but the way you frame the question and the relevant info you provide/don't provide effects the polling - that is why they suck, and using sucky polls like this is stupid.
Wouldn’t it be delicious if Stephen Miller tried to get immunity and they shoot him down telling him he’s not getting immunity, “no you’re too evil to let off the hook.”
Rainbow Qur'ans are a tasty way to support LGBT Islam.
Lmao, 260K is in no way generous, not back in 89 either. Just weeks ago everyone got angry at Bezos only donating 100M.
His orange spray tan stuff is twice as bad in that video. With so much visible "normal" skin it looks so ridiculous.
To stop certain body changes that are undesirable to your preference from being set in think a guys brow ridge, bigger sholders, a girls soft hips or breast. 

Also some people hit puberty to early knew a 5 year old on them due to starting her period.

My parents talked about it i was 8
He's a good family man who went through some tough times. Anyone the dirty rotten commies in San Francisco hate must be a patriotic hero.
I really hope so. It's almost comical because before the debate I was petrified that he would get attacked and now after the debate I'm petrified that he wasn't. There's just no pleasing some people. :)
My dear you are as stunning, as you are based! Thank you for raising her right!
Why do you think this is unsolvable? It's actually quite solvable, once you are convinced of the work you can do to solve it (generally in local affairs first).
Dude wants to be crystal clear he's not on the "treason" side of things.

source?
MAGA slaves:

SHiLlARy usEd a ForEIGn firM to BuILD thE DirTY DosSIer

Trump openly commits treason by pressuring foreign allies to investigate political rivals.

MAGA slaves:

[URL]
  No, that people who supported and/or worked for or to support Trump shouldnt be allowed to forget it after hes out of office. It takes some pretty impressive stupidity to think this is literally saying to carve that into peoples heads lmao.
At the end of the day, by definition, if you're eating enough calories to become obese, there is a portion of the money spent on food that could be directed to healthier food with fewer calories.
Colonialism is truly horrific but the British Empire as a whole can be blamed for that.
can we just ignore this brain damaged side of beef?
Check out how many cops showed up to shut down that graffiti. If this happened in the New York Parks and Subways, the city would be spotless.

I guess New York Mayor Bloomberg has a different definition of "dirty."

The Truth.
If trump is the only reason you're voting. I'd say that's by far the stupidest thing to ever waste a vote on. 

Its funny how people keep circling back to him whenever a discussion comes up criticizing neoliberals. Its almost as if they want to change the topic.
You don't understand my culture as well as you think you do.

Fascinating, the deafening silence...I suppose that is an answer of [URL] relevant in so many ways.
He has attacked the first.  

Once he is unencumbered by reelection concerns he will very likely pursue his inclinations on guns.
This account is over a year old. My first post was 18 hours ago. 
Go elsewhere with your poor investigative ability.
Mixed babies existed even back when black people were slaves and considered sub human in North America. So if children were born and some slaves even chased by women (and men) when that would've have been more akin to beastiality how do you think the problem would not re emerge in your idealized society?
we're dealing with sick people folks
More wasted time and money. If the right thinks that Google etc are “leftist”, start your own search engine. 

Obligatory “free market”, “small government”mention to remind everyone of their hypocrisy. 
You did something for starving people once a year? What did they do for the rest of the year?
You say that, but the facts say this wasn't done for thousands of years, so it must not be that easy. And the only reason we have an enormous number of millionaires walking around is because of this system as well.
No one person should have to bear that burden. We should all chip in, and make sure that the destitute among us are assured help. Private charities can and do discriminate. The government can do it better and more equally through taxation.

inb4 taxation is theft. 


I can't want neither of those things because it's a false A/B dilemma. I'm not prepared to assume that someone isn't worth being alive because they're going to be born black and impoverished.

I don't think poverty is an unsolvable problem.
I find this sort of stuff mildly amusing because it shows just how scared they are of Corbyn and Labour. They are absolutely petrified of us.

But it also enables far-right scum like Jo Cox's killer and the Islington bloke, and that is just not on. 
Do it! Everything is delicious there.
don't talk to this guy he wants to pay elon musk for access to clean air
I know that the best definitions can be derived from the antonyms; in this case it's destitute. Therefore, it's the opposite of destitute. Must be nice, can't imagine. 
Being able to make an adequate salary before having kids also seems like a basic requirement, but a lot of people don't get that apparently. 
[URL]

Every single contribution helps, no matter how big or small!
Calm down, Nick.  Starting to sound like Trump.
Senate is likely R at this point, our lack of investment in the Senate races in Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and North Carolina in 2016 is coming back to bite us.
To quote one the finest historians of the 20th century and a personal hero of mine, Jacques Barzun, "Intellect watches particularly over language because language is so far the only device for keeping ideas clear and emotions memorable." 
Not trying to be a smartass, but sincerely. Trump had something like 1% chance to win against Hillary based on polling. I'm extremely wary to put much stock in any polls to be honest.
She doesn't care what kind of gun control CA already has in place.  She's just unhappy that it hasn't been implemented at the Federal level.
Not perfect enough
You aren't seeking truth here, you are only trying to waste time.  It's obvious no amount of evidence will be satisfactory for you so why waste anymore time on a closed mind? 
Well not every meme ends up as funny as it is in my head. Such is the life of an OC content doofus.
But ar' Nige told me we'd be getting cheap things and now we can trade with the world!
  I’ll see you when we leave.

Excellent, so never then.
He is his own special interest. These people have so little regard for us that they think we are idiots who can't see this.
That's not going by any sort of "logic" at all. That's wholly illogical.

Hillary was leading in the same polls. Stop looking at polls of likely voters lol
Not wearing footwear, wearing blue latex gloves, car plastered with you know what... I sense trump derangement syndrome
They are stereotypes that were made by Chinese Americans to counter-act the previous stereotype that white people had of Chinese immigrants/descendants being opium-addicted filthy sleazes. Stereotypes about Chinese Americans being studious hard workers are no more offensive than stereotypes about Germans being precise, the Swiss liking chocolate and Japanese people being polite.
My impression is that it was close. Mr. Romeny looked at least capable of being president, Mr. Obama was much more aggressive and produced more memorable lines. Substantively, there was little difference, expect on the military budget.
If they are likely to be sentiant
lol just took note of your username, one of my usernames is literally "filthy casual"
No nasty is an opinion. Hotdogs are nasty but you may like them, it’s a description. You say nasty I think he’s blunt and to the point.
Well great, now I’m starving for cinnamon toast crack. 
I dont have a problem if people dislike him because he's an ex KKK member.  The fact that it's plastered next to a photo shopped picture of him is very misleading. It's also ironic since I know everyone here doesn't appreciate the propaganda the media feeds to the masses. 
Found the ancient parthian heavy cavalry.
I would agree. And the middle class has been shrinking at a record pace. Leaving a very unhappy population at risk of sliding back into the lower class who are very susceptible to manipulation by a conman politician who tells them exactly what they want to hear.
High alert, everybody.

Swamp snake Jack Burkman has been pushing "Russia hacked the DNC and killed Seth" story since January.

Now he has course-corrected and is trying to tie Seth to Goldman. Their ultimate goal is impeachment for Trump and/or war with Russia.

Be wary.
##What an ugly dude
Cramped rooms, filthy conditions, a lack of food, and widespread disease are the norm for these concentration camps. Cows in slaughterhouses are treated better than these people. A hunger strike is one of the only ways these people can actually protest the way they're being treated.
The problem of overseas billionaires debasing our politics needs to be fixed. Ideally I’d limit individual donations to £1k a person and clamp down on all loopholes and introduce big punishments if funding laws are broken.
[According to this article, no.]([URL])

With its creditors at its heels and its coffers depleted, Puerto Rico sought what is essentially bankruptcy relief in federal court on Wednesday, the first time in history that an American state or territory had taken the extraordinary measure.
LOL, when I was a little kid I met the two Steves - when they were trying to sell their first Apple 1 (or 0)  The smell in their van was unforgettable.
These RINOs going extinct has its merits. Florida is just going to replace him with a better conservative!
[[URL]]([URL])

Another receipt. Warren has the standard Democratic establishment foreign policy. For me, it's an enormous turn off for supporting her in the primary. Absolutely no way.
That would be kinda delicious.
unions wouldn't have healthcare to trap employees, right?

Business can force you to work miserable jobs like being Orange Puppet's lackey. Unions can prevent that from happening.
No shit.

This just in, water is wet
It's so dumb how reddit censors political discussion but is perfectly happy just to have porn plastered all over their website. Great job, reddit.
DINO… they’ll be extinct soon 🥁 (I’ll see myself out)
From what I understand they want a minority hearing, basically they want to be allowed to have their own party without the dems
👌🏿 that’s a tight butthole
I don't think it does. Feminism is more influential than ever before. Reactionaries have always strawmanned feminists, this "bad rep" is [literally the same old memes from 1920]([URL]) plastered onto random screenshots.
Yang has Math as a slogan, deep articulate policies, but is essentially invisible in this thread and most others on the topic. Especially post-Biden entry. Totally fascinating. 

He'll crush it in the debates. Dude is unflappable, smart, good-natured and doesn't do fake dipsh*t politician-speak.
I just love Tucker's "you serious?" face. That slight tilt of the head and mouth ajar. Handsome intelligent man. The tuck memes are 👌ace.
She's damaged goods now. 
Our liver will be shot lol. And Happy birthday.
I mean... y'all pretty rude and filthy now days.
Does that play better than the "clean break" brexit party though?
Is he a dickface, and assface, or a new and unique hybrid?
**THE UNFORGETTABLE DEPLORABLES**
Nigel Farage tweeted:

Evidence from an impeccable source that today's postal voting was bent.

[URL]

Wonder if third world politics has affected the postal votes? Farage must be pretty confident something is fishy to post that tweet. 
Really? I love when she basically said gun makers should be responsible for gun used murders.
Its like blaming car makers for wrecks   (obviously not including faulty builds)
Like r/atetheonion except it's one of those deep-fried onion flowers from the restaurant.  "Perfect Onion.  Delicious and fully-exonerated 0nion."
One user however said she was “delighted” that it has been called off, adding: “Next port of call is to publicise each dance academy who supported this event to every parent who sends their children to academies that support the slaughter and imprisonment of children.”


Moloch who entered my soul early! Moloch in whom I am a consciousness without a body! Moloch who frightened me out of my natural ecstasy! Moloch whom I abandon! Wake up in Moloch! Light streaming out of the sky!
  instead, you parade this propaganda bullshit.

Evil people know and glorify Israel torturing children - while carrying out hideous acts of denial.

Even your own right-wing hasbara sources admit this one!

[URL]
That's two separate questions and who are *we*?  
  
Just sit tight, grab some popcorn and enjoy the show. 
What are you talking about, what possible risk could there be in using prostate cancer drugs off-label to halt children's physical and mental development?
Trump's worked hard for this impeachment.  It goes to show that if you really work hard and don't let negative nellies dissuade you, you can achieve your goals.

r/getmotivated.
I'd rather he be miserable sitting in a cell in the SHU with only an unflushed shit floating in the toilet to rant and ramble at.
He's probably a racist. There are plenty of highly intelligent racists.
So my crazy neighbor should be allowed to own a howitzer?  Hey the people have the right to arms right? People like you trying to make everything black and white are what makes this debate impossible.
And our Terminally ill American children will lose coverage and their families bankrupted under ACHA.
What if the king is just like a massive asshole? Like what do you do with one day Cersei gets King Robert drunk and gored and his shithead son takes the throne and he's an incompetent monster with no aspirations but to use his position as king to bully other people.
The goal of the project is to connect SF and LA with high speed rail. What's hard to understand about that? It's just that at this time, only the middle portion of the line has had a funding source secured.
I love it!!! I texted all my family and friends about it, this is the easist way to send a message to your senators and the fax format they text back to you is impeccable.
Because the ban was lifted by a judge, many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country. A terrible decision
Are you retarded? How does not celebrating the abuse of someone get compared to idiotic centrism?
Rainy weather makes my bone spurs ache too.
If Delaney or Biden get nominated, I won't be voting Democrat in the general.

e: wew, a lot of people seem unhappy that a non-citizen isn't illegally casting votes. Typical Democrats.
You have to wonder when people will start to actually question the narrative that us and the Americans are the good guys.

Sorry to bum you out, but I observed a GCSE history lesson the other day, on the Cold War,  and it's not gonna be changing any time soon.
All except *probably* authright. Even if racism is natural, that's just the appeal to nature fallacy, and though it is pretty shitty, it can sometimes be kind of heckin funny sometimes. Yes, I am a horrible person.
Anyone got a link on how he’s gonna fund things? Just curious, platform is obviously attractive.
What?! I must see the tiny bird!
Perfect timing for me to make and sell a flag that says “cum and take it.”
Did Snowden want to hurt the government or make it more transparent? This seems to suggest the latter.
Why do BPT threads make committing crime seem like a black birthright?
I bet he feels like damp marshmallow.
Yes, the same as for old people and the terminally ill. They are made comfortable until they die or life support is removed. Same situation with the baby \*\*as described by Northam.\*\* This part is fake news.

The actual bill would have allowed "abortion" (murder) up until the actual birth.
~~mildly conservative opinion~~

*This comment is unavailable because it may be offensive to some readers*
All Christians and Muslims in Israel are Palestinian, and all Christians and Muslims in Israel are unhappy. Huh. The more you know!
Every year when it's cold outside you climate deniers will say haha global warming isn't real .. but now that it's hot out you all say that this is just a deviation from the mean average. Just trying to point out some hypocrisy
Looks like a chubby Katie Couric
No. She isn't allowed to talk about postal votes it could influence the election. The actual outcome doesn't matter.
I’ve never actually worn a coat for rain. I think it’s just because it’s never both rainy enough and cold enough to warrant a coat.
Insurance pools don't work that way. All the really sick will end up in the state sponsored one and it will have higher costs and worse outcomes than the cheaper private ones inhabited by the young, healthy and wealthier. It's a long game to eventually reverse or erode the Medicare system.
Yeah, send the poor to die in the desert and if they make it don't pay for their mental or physical healthcare and maybe a few will make it out with no issues and use them for next round of recruitment.
Blowing that dog whistle really hard, aren’t they?!? People are going to respond and it may end up with someone bombing synagogues and otherwise targeting Jewish people.

Make America Hate Again.
If this chick was working for Obama she'd be plastered on the front page of every magazine being referred to as the smartest most brilliant young person ever.
Are you that stupid? How much of the US is affected by the cold? Denver has already seen more people come out despite the freezing weather it had today.
I have $10 that says this guy calls black people “angry.”
Can they honestly not do anything about this raging drunk asshole shouting over people?
That's pretty indicative of him tbh. Everything has a gaudy finish that's supposed to show wealth, it's all "gold" and "marble", which is barely an inch deep, and then plastered with cheap tacky shit.
Something tells me he's got more than enough coke hoarded away for a rainy day. You're the one that's gonna need to start thinking of an exit strategy.

And rehab ain't cheap.
Napoleon III was definently not a bad ruler at all, he was quiet good in internal affairs
You have the appearance of a low grade bank clerk, the charisma of a damp rag, and all I'm asking is, who are you?
[from election day 2016]([URL])

how the ~~clinton~~ the *b-b-b boogie man* get to ALL the polls and do the dirty deed?
Obligatory [Earthlings]([URL])

And omg tear jerker [Okja]([URL]) available on Netflix. 
Also partly in "reuse" since you can repair something that was broken and are reusing it.
Hilarious! love from the UK

I mean, Oi, got a loicense for that there tea pouring m8?
Less of a Cold War and more of a Cyber War.  America lost the first large scale Cyber War.  Hurts to type.
actually, can you sign up for that? because i am balls-out exhausted with this shit.
Taste is subjective so I apologize but I never liked their music. From a technical standpoint I can see that they're not bad musicians, but goddam so many of their tunes annoyed the shit out of me. 

Shiny happy people? Lol. Fuck R.E.M.  
Yeah, we should keep Biden's dirty history secret until after he's won the nomination.  That way it'll be too late to do anything about it when the right pushes it endlessly during the runup to the election.
Americans will do the right thing in the [URL] they've exhausted all other options.
Yeah our apple watch deal we just got was a real deal. Not some "marked up cheap shit"
Sanders is trying to create a mobilized grass roots army that puts heavy pressure on legislators to act on behalf of their constituents. Senate will be razor thin, and whipping those votes will be difficult. A massive movement of people pressuring politicians may or may not work, but it will an interesting experiment.
Well most likely they were stolen or compromised in some way.
Seriously, or pay for the service. It’s ad supported that’s how the content continues.
Hahaha this comment is brilliant
Corbyn is a special case, just like Milliband, and just like Brown. At some point it stops being a special case and becomes the general party line
It’s those technicalities and the people who recite them that keep mediocre asshats running the show.  
What a miserable woman.  She could’ve been something,  She chose to be nothing.
Ehhh, I don't know. I think he's pretty open borders from what I've seen from interviews of him. If not him, then members of his party. Either way Labour's immigration policies seem intentionally destructive.
Will do thanks for the advice. 
Stunning and brave
Sorry, your submission has been automatically removed. New accounts are not allowed to submit content. This is to combat spam.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/DitchMitch) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Guy before Xi built China.  Xi seems power hungry and also did a lot of damage jailing a ton of talented chinese who were a threat to him.
Yeh too bad the left is so jealous of a gorgeous wanderful lady.  So sad
Which is why "White Feminism" is a stupid term. Turning "white" into a signifier of badness has been one of the few actually idiotic things that have come out of the social justice movement.
How tasty would the irony be if shortly thereafter they found themselves badly hurt and in need of EMS, but unable to get it due to their own actions?
Racists post that statistic everywhere. Everyone has seen it. The statistic implies a causal relationship, that is you seem believe if you had black parents you'd be likely to be a criminal. No normal intelligent person believes that.
Well, they tend to get upset when you refer to them as 'it'. So we can give you a pass on "he" for now.

\*off in the distance a deafening ReeeeeeEEEEE begins forming\*
Let’s start with free speech, unlawful search and siezure, peaceful assembly, due process, cruel and unusual punishment...

See how ridiculous it is?
Were you asleep the last 6 months? The midterms were entirely an appeal to the working class from the left. And it paid off in the biggest margin of victory in american history. 
Watch [URL] goes into detail how the intellectual left slowly makes their degenrate issues palatable to the masses. And eventually, normalizing that kind of behavior. 
Exactly. 

More importantly than Cuomo is the number of people who haven't seen *The Godfather.* We are living in a time of Philistines (all apologies to potential self-identifying Philistines for this ethnic slur against your ancient people).
There were some people around that were absolutely "triggered" after **SETH RICH** was spray painted all over the Aurora bridge.

Side note, on election day I was pleasantly surprised to see some [URL] stickers plastered around town. Proof that the city isn't entirely political homogeneous. 
How many GOP congresspeople does it take to screw on a light bulb?

.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

No number would suffice, you need a spine to reach up to the ceiling.
A large group of people seem to be only able to take things literally, never figuratively. This leads to comedy being difficult for them to understand.
He definitely needs to become more knowledgeable in this area but his judgement is almost impeccable 
Reading the comments, this sub has gotten too political for me. Everyone seems hell bent on demonizing or apologizing economic systems, no matter the data or content.
Data ought to be presented to provide the most rigorous possible context to whatever problem is being addressed. Sometimes that's per capita data, sometimes its absolute numbers, sometimes its a percentage change etc. Why do you think consistency should matter? Do you think every graph should be a bar graph?
And many of the materials are gathered by people destitute due to inertial effects of colonialism and ongoing exploitation. 
The SNP clutch and Swinson losing are almost enough for me not to be miserable about tonight.
So Hillary is as sick as FDR ... therefore she will be a great president too. Do you know what a non-sequiter is?

Why not select a random terminally ill cancer patient and elect them president instead? They'd be even better right?
It is a clever ad because it is memorable.

And the sentiment is pretty true but also I love Vilnius.
 freezing and barely clothe

this is why we laugh. Who the fuck hasn't mastered clothing in tens of thousands of years?
It's more than a mere allegation. It is a sworn affidavit by someone with impeccable credentials and security clearances. She's literally putting her life on the line.
Thank you for that.  Very moving unforgettable.    I am just speechless now
Man I was reading about Roy Cohn. He was a piece of work. Drunk on power the lot of them.
power is not smoething to be shared, thats why you see a large group of hippies but a man on suit is usually alone.
Can a 12 year old consent?  

Or did god charm her with his gigantic holy phallus?   
Trump's son is considering running in 2024 so a third term isn't so impossible
 the answer will depend on who they are, and who they insulted

You're singing my small town song...
He's more likely to say that they're all criminals. That most black people just instinctively commit crimes and need white people to keep them in line.

Imagine him born 250 years ago. Imagine him owning slaves and a whip.
It’s apparently his niece, calm down.
I’m scared.
So tasty to eat a 1$ bill with a side of quarters!
An idiotic child can have a sophisticated understanding of how to manipulate others to get his way. He can also be surrounded by sophisticated enablers.
If they can't handle a skinny 20 year old woman they probably shouldn't be on the force.
I think that turkey will become more aggressive due to the cold war in the Middle East and destabilization of its neighbors.  It will also take advantage of the current problems the EU is having and and try to secure a strategic position in the med.
You don't feel Canadian because when the rest of Canada looks at your actions with disgust all you see is them discriminating against you. Quebec has a permanent victim complex and most Canadians are sick of it.
They don't want a conversation. That has been off the table for a while. They just want to be angry and downvote because they are unhappy in general.
For sure. States have been trying to suppress the vote since 1789, not sure we’ll ever be able to trust certain ones.
Muh thin blue line
with a cloth? You know, soaked with gasoline.
1. How many children starve to death in the United States each year?

2. Are you arguing principle? That the act of discarding excess food constitutes an act of violence if it could have possibly been made available to a starving person who then dies from starvation? 
Remind them that they're not Libertarians, they're just Republicans who like weed.

It's ridiculous that anyone who actually had Libertarian views of the federal government would support Trump, or the modern Republican party.
His mouth is ajar 
["Why is everyone fat and stupid?" -JBP]([URL])
I’m not holding it in or anything, I’m just ridiculously regular 🤷🏻‍♂️

There are people in our building who bring their wireless headsets into the bathroom and drop heat while they’re on conference calls. I find that hilarious.
Referrals are not made this way as per a guest on MSNBC yesterday. They speculated it's because officials are so scared of Trump's retaliation they won't put things like this down in writing.
Fucking master troll.

This was absolutely calculated- and it’s brilliant. 

On top of the rocky pic earlier this week? Jesus. We’ve never seen such skillful manipulation of the media hacks using social media.
I just have this vague idea in my head of Trump's arrogant response to all this... '[inaudible] Steven Tyler [inaudible]... I could buy his whole family if I wanted.'
However, it could be interpreted what a certain political faction is doing.
So your telling me to pay for this healthcare (which isnt cheap and takes a very long time to find a family doctor) and still pay the taxes for healthcare? No thank you.
Don’t defend this guy too much now.   Everybody has seen the videos of him grabbing and holding on to little girls he’s taking pictures with.   

Dirty old man needs to retire.  

And yes, I am a democrat.
that site is incompatible with my (ancient) laptop

oh well, been thinking about an upgrade
There will be violence in the streets because all the boomers are going to get pissed about the loud, constant celebration going on outside.
Its weird what you can defend any old shite
I’m a Democratic voter and it is fucked up that his son worked there.  Even if no laws were broken, there SHOULD be laws against this.  Any conflict of interest at all upsets me.
Go back and watch the first Republican debate from 2016 and see how the way Fox tries to tilt it towards the establishment is beyond transparent.
I agree. It's a disingenuous spin on Yang being wholesome AF. Whatever narrative you want to put over it, Yang comes through as a genuine human having a good time, and that has a deeper emotional message than the silly propaganda on top of it.
[URL] how does that tie-in to your objection of the use of the phrase "thin blue line" by police? Do you believe it is "racist?"
We welcome you with open arms :)
Oh I know lol. There's 2 kinds. The cheap tool box kind and the actual safe type. Everything else is brand BS.
I’m convinced Stephen Miller is behind Q-anon.

The dude is obsessed with Star Trek, and I could see him taking on that moniker as some kind of twisted inside joke about messing with the minds of people inferior to himself. 
I wonder how much all of the opposition received. I know I donated small amounts to many different members and candidates yesterday, and I know others did as well.
The monsters are out in full force, celebrating this.

It's horrific.
And youre a racist, period.
Did you like that? Because obviously you have np calling black people homophobic.

Anyway: goodluck with the black outreach, its going well, I see🤣
Aquifers are being depleted by farming. A few people using water for just themselves isn't going to make a difference.

Sure to the SD bit though, sounds good.
Guns+alcohol: name a more idiotic duo
I didn’t think i needed a disclaimer stating my comment was in regards to those not privileged enough to have one satisfactory job which provides them the means to live.
Yea, but by that logic firing [depleted uranium]([URL]) rounds at enemies is like giving them free nuclear weapons. Methinks you don't know what you're talking about but I'd be hapy to be proven wrong.
What a snowflake, her chubby hubby mocked an Austin teenager not much older than Barron, so how about you eat some crow Melania and just shut the fuck up.
They are much better.  

I'm not saying they're great, but compared to Fox News they're fucking impeccable.
That's cool. Impeach him, and then open up a second impeachment case for the other stuff. First double-impeached president!

"Like no president you've ever seen! NO president gets impeached more than me!"
Not sure how reliable this is but Russia will need to bring some close air support again if it is, these DeZ defenders have to be exhausted.
Basically Ye is fingering the media like little sock puppets because he's a genius. Apparently he wants to give gigantic attention to Candace Owens and her project right now because that's what is happening. 

Everyone underestimates this guy.
Wow. Save this link for a rainy day. I’ve listened to hundreds of Bernie interviews/speeches these past few years, this is right up there at the top. Great questioning, interesting topics, thoughtful conversation and moving responses. This is the guy we need leading our country
It's only ok to throw obese gays off of buildings, since they just bounce away on their fat-reserves while making skippy-ball sounds 😜
I find Kerry merely satisfactory, Clinton was a shining light 
Pretty sure everyone is open to changing their mind. Even Trump voters changed their minds and joined the Yang Gang. So why not Bernie people?
I'm just tired of her being   
  
bad at her job.  
  
 But sure, go ahead and put words in my mouth.

sounds like she is doing a proper protest. Make your victims your audience. Stop screwing your fellow Americans for once.
It may seem counter-intuitive but obesity is often a symptom of poverty -  fat and sugar laden foods are usually cheaper *and more accessible* than  healthier ones.
Call it an endangered rare pepe frog and now the neoliberals can't go near it's habitat... which is most counties in the USA....
"I feel the President has been very clear about the stability of the dam", said a remarkably damp Sarah Slanders. 
I would LOVE to see who comes to his defense. Nazis are back in vogue, why not make pedophilia more acceptable too? Seriously, America is headed towards some dark path that will take generations to come out of. Unfortunately, that's giving other countries tacit permission to go down those same dark paths
... and the US promptly withdrew funding.

This is not good for Palestine.  Using the UN to force an agenda on a time frame that isn't beneficial to the UN is dangerous and unkind.  :(
There has to be pressure and transparency on the people sponsoring bigotry and hatred. Of course major donors want to stay behind the scenes \[*and get those delicious tax breaks!*\], otherwise they'll be caught pouring gasoline on a country that's already burned half way to the ground.
I don't know who they would consider impeccable. Whoever goes against Moore and Trump they will think must have been a liberal schill or led astray by Satan.
Small businesses are not paying 0% in taxes. It's large corporations with the lawyers and lobbying to create and take advantage of tax loopholes that pay nothing.
The name "Malheur" always got me. In French "Mal Heur" literally means "Bad Hour" as in a dark time when bad things happen.
It wouldn't look good for a trial in the senate if they had a video of Trump murdering a journalist on the stairs of the white house. Nice reality you live in with your crooked homies.
And of course nothing is done about corporate power or state power everyone just goes home and forgets everything. The people who want control are the corporations who want you fixated on and petrified of the government.
Yes indeed. The fear-mongering really started in the 60's with "Silent Spring" and "The Population Bomb". They were talking about all the earth's natural resources to be depleted by 2000. Seriously.
I love tall skinny white guys. I have a problem
I disagree that spending Billions on a wall will provide an adequate return on investment, but that’s okay. 
"Dear Jerry N-word. Like any Democrat, I have been voting hoping for handouts. I have voted hoping for handouts for 45 years. If I don't get a special taxpayer-funded handout from you this year, I'll be voting for anyone else who will promise me some special free prize."
I think the smartest thing they can do is be quiet and take a step back.
I don't disagree, but it also buries quality comments deep into a thread, and any comitted shit-poster can keep their "hot take" at the top.
Watch the video they are posting. Conservatives were upset that Obama may make more concessions without any concessions by NK. Trump had 3 hostages released, an end to all tests and launches, and dismantling of their damaged nuke site.
I'm absolutely delighted that the Republicans are afraid of [URL] still tickled by how scared establishment Democrats are when they don't cut any slack for republican-lite BS.
They don’t need any handouts with a good job and low taxes. The economy is booming.
I'll be somewhat content, not satisfied.
murder doesn’t seem unique to the left
Being wary of changing things isn't a bad idea, mistakes can be costly.

You have to be aware that things will go wrong, they usually do, and weigh that against any benefit you may gain.
The prosecution argued that she wasn’t a sex slave, but instead robbed and murdered him while he was asleep.
 Trumpers love to push these insane conspiracies based on flimsy logic

Says the person who thinks Trump is a top secret KGB agent who “hacked” our paper ballots!  Don’t forget to put that tinfoil hat on extra tight! 😂
  a bunch of obese 65 year-old NASCAR fans 

Versus the 400-pound hacker known as "for chan?"
This is mostly why testimonies were private - so that it would be difficult to coordinate a false message behind the scenes.  Anyone can lie under oath and change their tune, but that doesn't mean that they won't go to jail for it too.
A crystal clear example which shows how all the proposed ecig "regulations" have absolutely NOTHING to do with protecting user health.  They have everything to do with protecting the market from any and all competition that might threaten big tobacco's product offerings.  
Haha that's maybe not the stunning endorsement you think it is.
No I apologize pede, I'm a wee tipsy and high, the Irish gets a roused up easily just being on some topics. Hope you had a great evening and have a wonderful weekend. 


Let's go Sunday gunday. 
Frig off with you fancy learning words!  I don't want to go on a pillow hunt with you, you drunk trailer park supervisor (RIP)
Their military is now free to kill civilians.
I like mayor Pete, but I haven’t seen him answer one real policy question in any memorable way.
good take. have a 🦠
It's spotless! Great work!
We can't undo the 2016 election, but can we undo this turd's ridiculous combover?
Subpoena is starting to sound like a dirty word.

No really, I keep hearing "some penis." Anyone else? No? Just me? Oh, okay.
On Trump's skepticism: "skeptical" sure is a funny way of saying "paranoid" and "ignorant."
I like how everybody pretends like he's a legitimate president with impeccable integrity and some how is mistakenly a racist Nazi. 
Hey thanks for posting that, I'll take a look at it. I'm big on Sanders but from what I've seen Yang is a solid candidate. Anyone the media tries to hide has got to be worth looking at.
I don’t hate Jeremy Corbin. I hate what politics has become in this country. This campaign was a disgrace. Dishonest and downright dirty on both sides.
No, they just support jailing them with predators as guards, while they sleep hungry under mylar blankets. 
proof of him ever grabbing anyone, that was bullshit he talked I thought? proof of anything where he admits guilt or a court found him guilty?

didn't think so or it would be plastered everywhere 24/7
Yeah I started donating $2 a month because I felt that's what it's worth. $6 a month is absurd for how little content he produces. Unless he started doing at least 1 per week I can't see continuing this.
I keep thinking her dentures are trying to escape, but she just as a really skinny upper lip.
I said it before and still think this is the case: article 13 was ridiculous and the intent was to push that first, then propose some kind of "common sense compromise" legislation that will seem more palatable by comparison.
Didn't one challenge the other to a cagematch a few years ago? It made for a good opening to Joe Rogan's comedy special.
I am a simple man. I see a gorgeous woman holding the american flag, I turn a gray arrow orange.
All this shit came out as the result of the nomination process. Sarah Huckabee Sanders is out there saying he has an impeccable record.
When the bailouts keep pouring, the vote will vote will coming, CAPIT^(soci)ALIST America is the best!!
dude again, there is a ban on most things sold on the dark web, doesn't stop people. I for one will always buy and sell bitcoin, legal or not. 

Besides you'd need the whole world to agree and they can't even agree not to burn down the planet.
Margaret Atwood famously lives in a tony neighborhood in Toronto that fights having low income housing near it's properties. She's a limousine liberal who pockets enormous amounts of cash selling victim fantasies to rich white women with no taste.
Thanks comrade! 

Didn't find wallpaper material until now, thanks!

Edit: Just looked at that symbol... it looks gorgeous up close 

Double thanks! 
Seriously dude? Calm down. Accusing someone of having hidden motives because they suggest there’s a generational divide.
Funny the more the government "cares" about poor people the more poor people there are.
If the current trend of intelligent actions continues in the GOP, they have to be exhausted by having to constantly move the goal posts 
boris is all over this story. this guy's name is too memorable for what he's attempting, i think.
 I’m pretty sure that the Trump team is aware that there is no actual corruption by Biden. 

Are you really 100% certain of this or are you just talking out of thin air?
Buzzfeed investigative journalism is on point. Don’t be fooled by their quizzes and silly articles. They published the Panama Papers too I believe.
Keep in mind it's not a gigantic international lawfirm, you're talking 2 partners here. 
[Using someone's name as a derogatory pun or slur isn't cool.]([URL])

"Shifty Adam Shiff"

"Heartless Hillary"

"Evan McMuffin"

"Nervous Nancy" Pelosi
Agreed. I remember how Fox News tried to smear AOC and it ended up making people like her even more. And despite all the media ridicule of Trump, the publicity just made him more popular among a certain segment of society.
back before they even knew what special needs was
listening to the phone [URL] she had to be a little tipsy.  But, she as an elected official had no right calling dispatch and interfering with an investigation. 
This is good content
I mean, I’ll support any dem candidate but this poster is not alone. every article about Pete or yang has nonsense like this plastered everywhere. 

Also OP has been on Reddit for 5 years
Yes, having to lug 12 bags of shopping home from the supermarket on a pedal-bike in the pouring rain is definitely something "desirable".
Due to their light recoil, ergonomic design, and the tendency for .223 rounds to tumble and disintegrate upon impact, AR-15s make one of the best home defense guns on the market.
hot take: treason isn't a very bad crime
What a nasty woman! 
/s
People will remember if their classmate was assaulted at a party. 

You remember memorable things like that. Like I remember who got a hand job from his girlfriend on the bus to a swim meet in 1998. Never forget. 
Ugly washed up hag. Never thought she was a good actress to begin with.
This would make the government non-functional. It couldn't steal or assault people anymore if it were subject to the same restrictions as citizens. It would have no way to get anything done.
[The whole concept of “Western” civilization is faulty and should be dumped]([URL])
Nice oceanic climate? I think you meant chilly rainy pile of mud. Cold and miserable is more like it.
Free trade good

Tacos are tasty

Macron is hot AF
I legitimately need to send you back to 5th grade English, to understand that people are the scarcer resource and not healthcare.


Plenty of people manage the balance in other countries, but here it is an unachievable scarce and sacred resource.


Gtfo.
We know they wiped their asses with a damp sponge strapped to a stick. So they at least knew about shitsticks. 
It was insane of them to even attempt to ambush her. There are very few people who are as utterly unflappable as Janeane Garafalo. 
Dirty pedocrats and their dirty dealings.
Great then you have no problem with my points about the Songhai or the Mali empire?

Or Zimbabwe or the ancient Ethiopian kingdoms?

It’s all in those Wikipedia entries, feel free to educate yourself. Or not. It’s your life.
I’m listening to an excellent online course on the Early Middle Ages for the fifth time. It’s a fascinating and *extremely* important period in world history, far beyond the crude application of the term “the dark ages.”
ugly fat girls have become a problem that can no longer be ignored.  and that's the problem, they used to be ignored.
I don't use google, and I never heard of The Young Turks before 2 years ago.

You're giving the "normies" way more credit than they deserve. But then I'm sure you knew that with that enormous brain and all.
The world building is cool but the political commentary is about as deep as House of Cards.
Everybody loves a nice witch hunt every once and a while.

Also obligatory:

[URL]
No , he could fracture the country permanent.  The whole nation will watch and come to separate conclusions.  He may fully politicize himself and his crimes  so as to not only permanently escape justice himself,  but also render it near impossible to bring justice to future politicians.  Im honestly scared.
Wtf is so funny about Long Island? It's a beautiful place to live except for all the Libtards.
It makes it difficult for them to travel since we have extradition treaties with most of the developed world.  But, then again - Russia is a gigantic place, so it's not like they're all that limited.
S’cool. An ex-communist turned reformist friend of mine told me they thought housing rights would be the most difficult thing to arrange in a revolution; I actually think it’d be one of the simplest. Oh, by the way, all those stately homes? They’d be museums.
It isn't a fast process, in Afghanistan it took 1000 years to convert the country. India has a large Muslim population so the process had clearly started.
That’s gorgeous. I’m nowhere near KY, and I never buy campaign paraphernalia, but this has heirloom potential—I want this.
"It's not" I answered you. You made a claim that rights are being denied, support it. What you really mean is why don't Trans people get special treatment.
I've explained my position exhaustively today. Frankly I'm exhausted. And I don't really see the point since I'm obviously not going to change your mind. 
  I work with socdems regularly, I’ll gladly work with MLs

Well MLs are just a really nasty kind of SocDem that have been proven to be untrustworthy and genocidal.
The Terminator wokefate lost ONE HUNDRED AND FORTY MILLION DOLLARS!

You would think that stunning amount would be enough to make even diehard leftists think twice before continuing down that path.
that's good though
What a ugly ass dude lol. He needs to learn some self care
Ancient astronaut theorists say yes.
Your culprit is a chubby middle aged white man.....
It’s because he is gay guys he’s actually really cool guys he really has the peoples interests in mind guys what do you mean he is a neoliberal sack of shit, what are you, a homophobe? - somewhat modified statement from a Pete supporter I was talking to a few days ago
It’s not even about eloquence. It’s about giving your shoe leather a chance to dry before lodging it in your throat again. 

That shit takes a toll on your loafers.
Ugh I'm annoyed I understand this reference
Nice content with lots of information and results collated together and sourced. Nice analysis. We’ll see how it plays out as more of the Never Heard of Yang group goes down.
You can tell from that cunt holes snug face that she's proud of it, too. Fuck that dumb incestuous bitch.
The ''does that mean nothing to you?'' is a baby game of sophomoric double bind internet tricks for tweens.  
You aren't interested in conversation at all. You are just fucking around.  
Your shallow talking points are NPC cakes, soaked in nothing sauce.
Is your point that Labour shouldn't have anti-Semites, or that you're unhappy that when they are found, something is done?

Unhappy that the Labour party is a fecund source of antisemitism
Nobody knows at the moment lol

Inaudible nonsense as of right now
Why does CNN keep pouring gasoline onto its burning carcass? Trump got into their heads with one meme, CNN proceeded to commit suicide...
There is no direct evidence due in large part to perjury & obstruction of justice by the Executive.
Anyone tired of seeing shit like this?
After sucking the rest of the country dry.
My theory is that Chris Matthews had read it and then that's why it slipped out so naturally.

There's been a few shows I've seen where he's stumbling over his words a bit, like he's a little tipsy.
Because "muh patriarchy". The good old boys club only exists because the good old boys keep those filthy wimmens out of it. As long as they all only hire men for important positions, status quo is maintained.
Completely off the rails.  From a military parade to how much Democrats hate the military, to how much he loves pouring money into the military, to how awful MS-13 is, to how awful Democrats are for wanting to "protect MS-13," to the wall.  

I think it's past his bedtime.
your conclusion is faulty and you equivalence is false. one of the women accusing him is a cia asset. she was told what to say. the charges have nothing to with rape or groping but a peculiarity in swedish law relating to the betrayal of affections. 
$1000 is not exactly a gigantic donation, I'd think, for someone from a wealthy district like Rohrabacher. It could be that perhaps this is some sort of signal to Rohrabacher?
Its good to take the rare ones off the shelf from time to time :)
Sleepy Jeff is waking up too...


I believe Healthcare goes beyond 'regular' economics
   
You may believe that but it's not the reality. Are health services scarce? Are service providers entitled to payment? Do profits motivate innovation? Etc? 
Except Russia can't borrow money because it's bonds are rated "Junk" status and its sovereign wealth fund is set to be depleted by next year.
The etatist model that most OECD nations use seems to be the most efficient, but health care is a lot like distributed systems design: Some systems are cheap, some systems have the best outcomes, and some systems are fast, but you can only really be two of the three at any given time.
obligatory "lock her up" 
Everything is unforgettable when you have history's great brain. 
More unsettling than the acts of violence by the police?
Constable Gestapo was unavailable for comment.
I think that is from the Corn Pop story. It's a good video.
And remember. You chose to get paid to subvert the wellbeing of our nation. You chose to be a treasonous rat. Whatever punishment results from your treason remember. You have only yourself to blame you filthy greedy kike.
i unironically hope that each and every coal miner who supported trump becomes destitute
So I can cut downed foliage and logs that are in the [URL] Probably gonna need a cup holder too, though. All that work would make me quite parched.
Most Republicans think global warming is a lie, that the Clintons are murderers, that Obama wasn’t born in the US, and that tax cuts for the rich help poor people.  

SO ONLY 53%??? I would guessed 85 or 90.
Wow, had no idea.  Thanks for bringing that to light.
Admiring gorgeous women and fighting globalist censorship tactics at the same time. The winning never stops around here. Feels good.
It's similar to the reaction people had to the trailer for the Mr. Rogers documentary coming up. People are parched for decency.
no would just looks like he was so hungry for that nut my dude
  I'm not an obese midget in stilettos stomping on someones balls, while smoking and talking like mommy.

Speak for yourself! Though Ruth Bader Ginsburg is the popular voice these days.
How is this any of our business? It’s her personal dirty laundry, not political news.
So nothing in the revised content policy justifies this sub's continued quarantine.
Can you just link a source to any of the claims you make? It's really difficult to have a productive conversation with someone who makes factual/numerical claims with no citations.
Why are you ignoring the questions? Is your life that unhappy that you have to troll on a website? I used to be like you dude. Disillusioned and depressed and reactionary. There's room for change though man. 
Pretty sure whoever at Mother Jones wrote the clickbait headline for that has no freaking clue how criminal I might think it is.

The article itself is decent but that headline makes me annoyed. 
That is funny. It does make it more questionable that he won’t talk about it. I did not know about this :)
She's a liberal through and through. She may have a decent personality, but her policies are still bad.
Money is literally useless. Its a magic number that means nothing, and the most dramatic thing it does is economic ruin. Its an idiotic capitalist fallacy that was designed for making dopamine because you're getting a very meaningless reward.
No but then the phrase is not dependent upon someone wearing a hat so this silly talking point defence is stupid.
My modest suggestion: let's all mail a plunger to the White House.  Or a [poop knife]([URL]).  They're fairly cheap.  And perhaps anything sent to POTUS can go postage free?
I hope their records are at least impeccable, wouldn't want to think the government is a sloppy terrorist organization
Your tinfoil hat is too snug, remake it. Cheeto Jesus himself applied for permits on his golf courses to protect them from "rising ocean levels due to global warming."  Guess he believes the "Chinese lies" after all. 
I hope so, I really do. I'm honestly scared of the US going socialist/communist. I do not want my children starving.
I know, I was reminding them that in one breath they say Wonder Woman isn’t for men and in the next breath they protested because she isn’t a blue haired miserable cat lady. 
Well that's kinda morbid. Now do killings in general, since "Mass killings" are so rare in this nation.
Yes they lost by a lot in our electoral system. Maybe Labour should campaign to change that system. Oh wait no they are too power hungry to do that.
It’s hard to take a criminal seriously
Feel The Bern you filthy old creep Biden!
One ugly bitch
Cummings sure got quiet all of a sudden.
They're just power hungry and fucking furious

Don't forget weak. Weak is the special sauce that makes the whole stinking mix so laughable.
[Obligatory Jon Stewart-Tucker Carlson exchange]([URL])
It becomes difficult when you try to define what qualifies as a legitimate asylum claim.
No. Being a decent human being with a moral compass is more important than a discussion when you don't have an audience. The sound of desperation in your posts is deafening. 
If I were to move elsewhere, the Smokeys would be pretty appealing.  I have a cousin in Florida and he loves it, but the hot weather just isn't for me.  Once, my wife and I wanted to live in Vermont, but the influx of out-of-state hippies has really befouled that state.
I am pretty sure Pelosi is trying to keep this quiet for now to avoid robbing the Democratic primary candidates of all media time. If they held a big press conference and made a big show about it, the media would stop giving coverage to primary candidates and it would be 24/7 Trump and Impeachment.
thanks for some nuance. russian propaganda wins if we are strictly divided into red and blue. don't take the baits even if they are tasty.
According to his first wife he's very conscious of his flabby unattractiveness and turns out the light before sex because he's embarrassed.  I like to believe this because it means on some level at least he's miserable.
If free college is still unaffordable for you, it's because you are living far beyond your means through reliance on credit to appear wealthy.

Affordable cars exist but you probably 5 year financed a payment that tightly fits your *monthly* budget.

Drive a cheap used car and now college is magically cheap.
As a working class family, we did. That and Spain. You come across incredibly patronising. Working class does not mean destitute. 
[URL]

The example is one of the most heavily regulated industries.  This sub is appropriately named.  People should probably reread that textbook and **then** critically analyze the information.  Properly digest the information to give an adequate critique, instead of regurgitation.
Yarp. A vulture capitalists snatched up gobs of housing and are now renting said properties.

Renting housing when you're not planning on staying put is a gigantic money dump.
Pretty sure we have used that guy as a warm up weight lifting exercise at my gym before. I’m quite certain I plucked him off the weight rack and stared curling him once. 
Seems like most of the Gulf is delighted with Trump.
Haha. Cmon now. Has a Pede

His shirt is a little snug.... but he's still one of us. 
So it's fine if it's a Republican sign and not a big deal but if a Democrat sign gets damaged then it's a big deal?  

I'm not arguing politics because it's a pretty stupid way to act.  It makes both sides look bad.
He was such a mediocre governor. Just another corporate democrat. No thanks, Hick.
Until a mass-murderer white kid shoots up the whole place & your dog
Correct, now get me some expensive cold Brew
our military is depleted, despite us spending the most of the entire world on military spending....

you know mabye these fucks don't understand a lot of the US budget issues would be solved if we didn't spend almost 600 billion on the military...
 cleanish criminal record.

Sooo... Not Hillary?

Excellent post, thanks.
Yeah, he swiped the flag and burned it in protest.

So he definitely damaged the Church it came from.
Epstein and the Democrats are total pedophiles. They use children to compromise politicians to push the horrific left wing agenda. This is very obvious to persons who are not retarded.
Britt looks gorgeous 
Really?  MIT and literally all reputable scientists disagree.  


[URL]

I'll base my ideas in facts, not feelings, because if I don't, if we all don't, the human race will become extinct along with millions, if not billions, of other species.
Way too optimistic. They’ll latch on to one line: “the president was crystal clear about no quid pro quo”

Taken out of context, it’s another ‘see, perfect, beautiful conversation’ sticking point to be argued in bad faith.
Do you know how amazing it feels to have the power to turn your husband’s shitty day at work into an unforgettable evening, with just one orgasm? 


Imagine footing the bill for the obese whale and her obese children scarfing down McDonald’s every single day
I always thought Tony was one of the best White House spokesmen ever...

He was completely unflappable.

I do love me some Sarah, though!  =)
tbh I feel like only attractive men should bother being gay. If you're overweight, underweight, and can't grow a beard you *shouldn't bother being gay.* /s

&#x200B;

You don't "bother to be trans" you're born with gender dysphoria.
If the door was "ajar" why the hell did the have to breach it?
It would be a bit easier to not get exhausted and check out if even many of the more centered or liberal news outlets didn't let the right constantly frame the conversation. It's so pervasive anymore that I wonder if journalists are even aware they are doing it.
If the weather forecast says it'll be sunny and I end up in the pouring rain, the next day I'll still trust it more than Trump.
You know, we're actually all pretty lucky Trump is this stupid. I mean we're still getting fucked, but imagine if Trump managed to grab both the house and the senate like he grabs women by the pussy. Now that's a horrific thought.
No Fun Allowed Club?
The smile kills me. Just look at those chubby wittle cheeks 
You have to be insane to think that this is possible, palatable, sensible, or humane.
The "juicy liddle fuck-toy children" part mad me laugh.  But I felt sick after.
1. In London, not particularly.
2. I don't believe the people in charge of running the entire country should be paid only "enough to live off". All that does is fill Parliament with the mediocre.
It *can* be bad for your health if I remember correctly, but that depends on other things I think.

The big health kicker is sugar
Oh no, we actually need our *own* rainy day fund now!
My family is quite large, and we always used to get together during the holidays and play games like this.  Other good ones are Oodles, Catchphrase, Outburst, and Mindtrap, to name a few.  And all are better when tipsy!
It's just funny because it's stupid and exaggerated.  They're never supposed to be clever or deep.
The image was banned by imgur within minutes of uploading.

It was that thin blue line flag revealing a swastika underneath the blue band.
Have a happy War on Christmas.
I never said I didn't know their names... here's a few of the ones that were non-smoking prior to the ban:   Irish Snug, Dazzle, and Supreme Court
I'm ok with the poor and those who fell on hard times feeling good about themselves instead of being filled with minimal slop. Petty cruelty won't help them succeed
Yep. [Jeffrey seems to miss a lot]([URL])

Oh, I know: **he must think antifa are RUSSIANS!** (See, he all recused his sleepy self from anything Muh Russian. Which appears to be everything. Except weed.)
Even during euros and local elections the Lib dems didn't damage Labour anywere near how they damaged the Tories. Not even close.

The South West and East for the Lib Dems will be the vast majority of their gains.
Rather have non prog Dems than a filthy con repub
I was there too with my then 4 yr old grandchild.  The grounds were spotless when it was over.  People picked up trash off the ground that wasn't even theirs.  YUUUUUGE difference between that and the "Women's March".  They left the place a mess.
why are these people in the DT now

did the immigration officer fall asleep smh
I'll show compassion by not demanding an execution for his treason. He can live out the rest of his life in a cold damp cell with no medical treatment besides a daily dose of something to make him lucid long enough to know where he is and why. Everyone else connected with him can hang.
Amazing this President and his administration will attack those of service to our nation but refuse to allow administration personnel to testify. 
Standard Operating Procedure for the most TRANSPARENT ADMINISTRATION IN HISTORY.
So, evil is all powerful, is that it?

Because Evil has a paper shredder or a Saturday night special?

If that's the case, nothing short of revolution will solve it, in which case, wait until a dem gets power.
Brah Trump is a billionaire who had a show firing people. Try telling the guy his ideas are bad at his best. This is I have been filthy rich, powerful, extremely egocentric, and influential my entire life problem.
He still uses his Samsung Galaxy S3 because of his tiny hands and short fingers. Modern phones have gotten too big for him and he can't fully reach all letters on the keyboard.
Bath robe ajar, drooling on a Big Mac wrapper?
I'm not sure Greenspan has a spotless reputation when it comes to recognizing bubbles. But who does? They often don't look like bubbles until they burst.

It is interesting to read this in connection with [this other article]([URL]) posted on /r/economics today
Anyone that believes Trump would hold onto office outside the normal election process are actually damaged and should seek therapy.
People even get pissed at me when I say this problem is inherently unsolvable because of its root conflict and want to argue with that haha. That it's unsolvable or the strongest roots of conflict.

Bye lads see you 200 years 
Remove the firing pin and fill the barrel with bending metal in such a way as it cannot chamber a round. This renders the weapon non-functional without damaging it in any way, while still allowing it to be handled and shown. Which is the point to such heirlooms, after all.
And these aren't people who have been working on this case for months or even years.

Mueller fucking hauled his gigantic balls into the SDNY's office with this shit gift wrapped. This is shit he found that he wasn't even looking [URL] less than a year.


not surprising, since the ruling elites that rule over america use slow kill eugenics on its population through aspartame, fluoride, mercury in vaccinations, chemtrails, subsidizing junk foods and buffets, depleted uranium, supporting the pharmaceuticals, etc etc
Such a dark era we are living in when government officials (including the president) are happy to parade along with this psycho.
Don't be silly. We don't have that kind of "faith" or believe in resurrection.
Your willingness to appoint me as the Lord and Master of some fictional individual is unsettling to me. I would like you to go away now. You are making me sad.
Also many of the wrestlers are legitimately great people who do fucktons of actual charitable work.
  
It's not my bag, but they do a LOT, especially for terminally ill children, and that's nothing but commendable. I just don't care for soap operas. 
Right... I looked. Where is it? There are only two twitter links and they both go to the Whitehouse where I doubt they'd post a video making Trump look bad.
Just wait until the first brown guy does the same idiotic thing - they will drop the mental health topic faster than you can imagine.
Nice job citing the last Democrat to do well with poor white voters as an example of what Dems shouldn't do to win poor white voters.
Cornel must have been tying those scarves around his neck a little too tight
What do white supremacists and Trump supporters have in common?

They're all traitors.

The solution is easier than everyone thinks, I don't know how y'all are missing it.
I'm talking about the ones with the glass lids. They're fairly heavy lids. You can just put it slightly ajar.
Those tiny hands likely match up quite well.
The minute it becomes legally permissible to suppress certain speech it becomes permissible to suppress all speech.
She obviously doesn't change it whether it's damp, moist, or sopping wet.
More hoop dreams from this fat criminal.
You're basically saying the legislative branch is above oversight which is hilarious coming from whatever you pretend to be on here.
Then he's destined to remain forever parched. 
You can see him popping a chubby even behind a podium.

Please don't. 
Yes you are and I do. Bet a lot of people don't have them. I have had requests for copy payslips for thirteen weeks because people don't save them.

Also remember they are not reissued so if lost or damaged...
I was under the impression libraries weren't allowed to block any websites.  Maybe thats just a Connecticut thing.  Does your library allow porn sites?
He must've been a memorable pants shitter for sure.
Relatively small US Navy ships would suffice for dealing with piracy... we're not fighting Somali pirates with aircraft carriers and guided missile cruisers.
I've always wanted more of a parliamentary system.  What are the possible drawbacks?  Did Belgium have a parliamentary system when they went government-less for a while?
Old wine, new bottle.  Not a fan of the brand.
 the main post has been removed for being an "unproductive submission", which I think is quite unfortunate.

That's unfortunate and a little unsettling. 
Biden is probably one of the most palatable democrats across the board. 


" I can be supportive of states right but unhappy at what my state "

That's YOUR state, this would be someone wanting another state to be blocked from doing something it wants to do. How can you square that with be for states rights?
he's such a lightweight, cleanish comedian though
No one is saying it is a small bubble?
Calm down, it's obviously a joke
Why do I have to hear about this person? I don’t care at all, am so sick of seeing her, and the only place I see her is on this sub.
You don't have to stop eating meat completely. Just cut down on it. Eat out every once in a while as a special treat. Y'know? There's an entire world full of tasty things that isn't made from animals to eat the rest of the time.
David Harvey's Limits to Capital is an excellent summary of capital with subsequent debates over the meaning of Marxist theory
I think McCain was basically desperate because he knew he was almost certain to lose given W’s approval rating, so he felt he might as well throw a Hail Mary - that’s why he was between Lieberman and Palin, each of which were really non-conventional choices (for entirely different reasons).
But assholes are always living in the shadow and only see the light on extreme circumstances.  This might be one of those unsolvable riddles to meditate on
If he gets drunk enough, he can drive anything.
I mean I could be wrong, i just always heard it like a joke. That person has a nice body, but an ugly face, everything good but her face. Or when someone has summer teeth. Summer teeth go this way, summer teeth go that way.
The Left is being far too quiet on this.  Somebody needs to be shouting from the rooftops that the house is on fire.  This silence makes it look like it's not that big a deal.  Whatever is muzzling them, they need to bust out and start really fighting back.
Cheers.

Edit: It seems to me the main problem was the surrounding infrastructure was inadequate rather than some unsolvable issue with renewables in general.
I like the "lives in her head rent free"part, because that's what liberals say whenever someone who isn't them brings up Hillary.
My friend in NZ is "over the moon" delighted that their PM resigned.  They HATE him over there.
I am not here to debate our differences. I only wanted to shine a light on our similarities.

God bless you and may you live in good health and prosperity!
/r/asktrumpsupporters 

And FYI. Frame your questions better. I could ask you the same thing and you're not going to be able to give a satisfactory answer 
Two things can be like each other without being each other. Here's an example: 

A loud racist misogynist can be like an incel in every way except that he has children and sex. Just like an asshole can be an equally whiny bitch, like you. 

Fuck you.
When you're literally so sleepy your eyes bleed.
Not even that.  You've STOPPED trying to argue he is innocent, or that the process isnt transparent enough, you've gone and said, "civil war, because Trump committed a crime but fuck it"
Is Marine 1 unavailable?
Since when has a conflict in the ME end due to "fatigue"? As long as several continents are prepared to keep this one alive I don't see an end that's palatable. 
mountain of [URL] bankrupt if bieng alive aint worth three years of mediocre credit i aint got much use for [URL] they can fill out paperwork charity may even cover the rest.
No, I meant regarding your comment wishing him a second term due to a tweet. The world is tired of Trump.
This guy has lived well over the life expectancy for an obese person with an affection for fast-food.  I want to say he's trolling, especially since he's known for it, but he's also delusional.
Hopefully the police start to realize just how low on the hierarchy they actually are
And then in the real world people walk around England and ask why there are streets named "Vine St."? and discover the Medieval Warm Period and the fact that there were wineries in England at the time - that's how warm it was.
Oh, we used to *dream* of drinking from an old shoe! We had to suck seltzer out of a damp bar rag. Shoes? Luxury.
Damn, perfect addendum.
*"Orange Man so bad, I can't even be on the same side of the street as a building owned by him. I am* **literally** *shaking right now."*

-- Austere Cat Piss Scholar Lady
It's actually amazing how isolated people become in their little bubbles, even (especially?) people with enormous wealth and power.
"We will then hold up our end of the bargain by taking in our country 31 [inaudible] that you need to move on from" 

I'm curious if anyone knows what the Australian PM is referring to here? Is it debt maybe?
 Peter Navarro, Trump’s trade and manufacturing advisor, said the report was “classic fake news dressed up in **academic mumbo jumbo**"

[URL] it uses big words that I don't understand and because it didn't come from "Ron Vara".
I think I read somewhere that when black men kill white women they receive prison sentences that are something like 80 times longer compared to when white women kill black men.
Oh yeah they all did. Just because Oprah is fat doesn’t mean she didn’t know.
They must have blocked me... I had a few unavailable.... 

Haha if so it happened to just yesterday
They are predicted to cause an additional half a million deaths in the future. 

That might be the most ridiculous claim I've seen all year. Go and read up on the Himalayan Glacial region. It provides the water for food sources for around 2 billion people and it might not survive the century.
Nothing is certain. I live in a world where many people who don't vote are becoming increasingly unhappy and in theory, could make the crazy portion of Trump's base irrelevant by simply going to a booth once every 2 years.
What part of charging a fee for a service is ironic when it comes to Marx? His ideal world saw public ownership of the means of production and the dissolving of the richest class of people, not an end to all currency and everything being free.
I think you missed this:

While white households consume more energy overall, black and Latino households have higher energy use intensity, usually as a result of living in older housing stock.
What do you *mean* my single poor experience with my DMV doesn't prove all government services are inferior? It's the government's fault some guy didn't read the requirements before going to the DMV!
No amount of money could tempt me to fuse my labia together with scalding coffee, but that's just a personal preference. I'll stick with the ol' slip and fall, thanks.
Obama is not a populist. His speechmaking is impeccable, but his policies to date have largely favored corporate interests, not the American people.
That was delicious! Thanks for sharing. 
As easy as it is to poke fun at her, it does genuinely make me feel sad that she is married to Trump. She seems like she is truly unhappy and no one should have to live like that.
What museum? Some of these things are fucking gigantic, which ones go in a museum which don't? What will it cost to relocate them? Just put up a plaque and spend hard to come by municipal dollars on potholes and schools. 
 [[URL]]([URL]) 

 [[URL]]([URL])   


idk if there is a strong correlation, but i believe its because feminists told women they can be anything and everything they wanted. so they tried to juggle between family and career which made them unhappy. thats what i think anyway.
I know. That part still has me floored, and a little angry. I didn't address it because I was out to dinner and I was feeling a sort of way about it.
You missed the point, people living in cities take more showers than hillbillies, it's not the city that's clean.
Holy shit that's too ridiculous
If that's the basis of your argument then we should reject the notion of nation states altogether, as this is unnatural.

But we all know its a silly argument anyway.
Promoting cessation and reducing availability are two entirely different things.  
It's one thing to advise people to not buy a handgun.  
It's another to advocate for them to be made unavailable.
Sounds like that writer's into degradation actually. "stupid, filthy cunt, take my dick like the whore you are" type. Can i commission writefriend for a connor/hank deg fic
MSNPC calling for gun control right now.

Saudi citizen kills people in a gun free zone - Conclusion - more gun control / NRA must be defeated.
You’re just wrong my dude. Don’t know what else to say. Trump is a raging racist scum bag and tweets nasty hateful racist shit. That’s the long and short of it. I’m sorry you can’t get that but it is what it is.
Copied for my own reference - brilliant work, OP.
Threatened by force to participate in wage labor

This is true. I participate in my employers work Satisfactory Work Attendance Team or SWAT for short. We drop in on our truent workers and politiely,but firmly, bring them to work where we are then gracious enough to pay them a wage. 
Your party gets a little racist and people call you racist and you get so bent out of shape that your racism was called out.  Sad.
Not really. It's fine when it's Cuba, a destitute and powerless country. What's going to happen when he insults someone with more bite, like the Chinese or Iran?
Even then, we may have abundance of goods, but services will still be scarce. As abundance increases new demand is created for other things - in the developed world we aren't too worried about feeding ourselves day-to-day, so we now have a bigger market for pop culture.
Ah yes once the wall is built there will be no more Spanish. Thanks Donald very cool 😎 smh
Wait are you saying Nunes passed a physical note to Sondland? It’s hard to see from that video in the twitter link.
We shouldn't be delighted in others remorse like that. That is the GOP way. 
Dozens per year vs somewhat more isn't "incredibly rare" vs so many, especially with the variance shown here, and the choice of window, eg: [URL]+shooting+graph&oq=mass+shooting+graph&[URL]


Didn't they at least teach how to compare numbers in mandatory k-12?
Calm down dear! Put your feet up, have a cup of tea and think of England! Breathe!
Willing to work for a murderer is more of an AuthLeft thing,

also iN a FrEe mArKeT wOrKeRs wIlL hAvE cHoIcE
That's why the feminazis were delighted when [this]([URL]) was invented. They feel empowered and feel that 'equality' thing.
No, I agree. And I’m a bit scared that I agree with trump on something.
Has anyone here heard of Kermit Gosnell? Seen the movie or read the book? The abortion industry appeals to a certain kind of twisted.
Well, it's not gerrymandering, but he's right that the Senate has an enormous Republican advantage built in. 
The liberal tears from this are reaching 2016 election levels. So tasty.
Look up Andrew Huang's Novena, world first DIY laptop, developed within North American facility. Hackers have been recycling, reusing and developing parts from old stuff into new.
Owen Smith beats Corbyn, Labour's polling remains mediocre rather than bottoming out, May never calls the election, thus keeping her majority, May's government can negotiate a deal that satisfies the ERG without having to toe the line with the DUP.
Well, yeah, capitalism is the root of the problem. The question, though, was "why is capitalism failing," and "because it's capitalism" isn't really a satisfactory answer. I went with the mechanism by which this one is failing.
Why does this sub continue to post opinion pieces as actual reporting? 

It’s cool that they allowed the article to be published, but no one should never consider this reporting. 

It’s factual, well-written, but it’s just an opinion article.
Condesending politician?  [Inaudible shock]
I know. You're scared.
This implies that those on the left would be defending Obama, or in other words, each side defends its own. A stunning revelation.
The media aren't scared of Boris, they're scared of the alternative, that being Corbyn, who would see them face higher taxes and just hurt their bottom line in general.

They're willing to back whoever will allow them to profit the greatest, and as it stands Boris is their man.
Being an 18 year old enlisted military isn't a high paying IT job. That's your peak?
Whatever happens if he gets in, it's going to be memorable. 
He's on the money.

-

The Holocaust is the sacred cudgel with which they beat the open minded.

-

Anything diminishing its unique status is anathema.

-

The Banality of Evil undermines their attempt to commit genocide while forbidding anybody from identifying it
You can see the chick to his left is getting so dry she’s in pain.
“And thats really all that matters to me is how your state negatively impacts mine”

I see this mentality as part of the problem and I don’t think it’s unique to Texans.
Um, hey Texas, any chance you could clean up your choice of senator next time you get a chance?  Teddy is not exactly what I am thinking of when I think of a proud Texan
That is petrified bread leftover from the Flitstone Era.
 There were similar calls from the right to impeach Obama at various points in his presidency.

That is an insane comparison.  Obama's administration was practically spotless.  The only GOP members who spoke about impeachment were the lunatic fringe.
Good Bern.
And when the automobiles came out, a lot of horse breeders said many unkind things about them too.
Last I checked, our numbers were only increasing, rather than decreasing like yours. 

We'll be around for as long as humans of any ethnicity are. That make us the fittest, by the hilarious mental gymnastics you subscribe to.
Basically you vote in such a shitty party that everyone becomes miserable and hate it and wish they’d voted differently so next election people will vote way to the opposite end of the spectrum.
Pretty strong words. I think it's just general frustration at the format and the cheap shots being thrown around.
Full disclosure:

Mark Kirk(R) is facing an election in a blue state where his opponent is a double amputee minority veteran (former US Rep) with nearly a spotless record.

He's gotto lean as left as he can without crossing the center so that he gets re-elected
Maloney’s tired man
Last time i was in chick fil a it was full of gorgeous black and mexican women i didnt want to leave
George Dickel whisky is from Tennessee, it's not so bad if you mix it with something and you're already drunk as fuck and don't know what a liver is anymore.
Look at all these pedes in here from around the world. Stunning diversity! Iron and steel! 

This likely has little to do with politics, and it is a horrific, sad story. It does not belong here.
Mayor [@PeteButtigieg]([URL]) often talks about diversity on the campaign trail in all white rooms and all black. Here's one of those moments 

[[URL]]([URL])

No, this is not from a member of Team Pete. This is a reporter.
 You also pay taxes for roads you will never use.

But my taxes also pay for roads I *do* use.

I would be paying into a system that I *don't* use. Without the extra taxes, I can save money for a rainy day fund in case I do need an emergency.
Sick is right. And do they mean to "partially fund" abortions or to fund "partial birth" abortions? Easy to confuse the two.
i"m scared it wouldn't matter at this point, they would make a martyr of him
Please do I was very astonished how the words got twisted around and comments like “Watch out democrats are coming for your steak knives, cars and air travel “

Also the RNC research team posted two Yang videos with similar misinformation
True and they'll wind up the same way putting cops in schools to discourage school shootings have: they don't stop school shootings, but they sure as shit harass and arrest students over minor shit, especially black ones.
There was a post about a self admitted child rapist and murderer of a little girl on r/justiceserved with someone pouring boiling water on his genitals. I said he should be killed as there's no reason to keep a child rapist AND murderer alive and everyone downvoted me and just kept saying but muh justice system.
It may have started there but like many special interest groups (NRA) it got more and more radical and now largely is made of far right wingers.
Yup, false, cool text with your mom. It was truly sidesplitting humor
If you'd actually read the article you would know they're saying he's frail in relation to his physical health. Not that he's thin skinned.
I just saw this, too. He totally twisted what the times reported. He even said he hasn't read it, stating "they just handed this to me before I came up." I'm sure he read the title, only.
Yeah, like I'm NB, but feel accepted by contra. And I've watched her videos for years, seen her come out as nb/genderqueer, then trans. She's not perfect, but I ain't either
I love the cold, but Vancouver is hardly cold. Doesnt even go below 0 in the winter, well barely
If he pulls that off, then he will get my approbation for accomplishing what others have not. It, in no way, would change my mind about how dangerous he is for our gorgeous, but fragile, democracy.
when it comes to selling policies to everyday average small business owners, it's not about the minutiae of policy so much as how it sounds. $15 an hour sounds like something many business people would vote against. $12 is more palatable.
You'd also think that because of the number of Bernie Sanders posts plastered all over Reddit, he'd be winning in a landslide.
I hope you will find my revisions and edits satisfactory. Please feel free to contact me further if there is a problem.


Sleepy Jeff never woke up
Politicians do not want an educated populace.  I find it amusing that a large majority of politicians are lawyers, which by default makes them scumbags.
Obama needed a centrist white guy....
Trump is denying the statement itself. Axios just made it up outta thin air
Because they are? Certain professions have huge progressive bias, such as Hollywood jobs and media jobs. Movie critics are media jobs that specifically focus on Hollywood.
Stop following foolish words of ancient date designed to make us all feel great while we fold, spindle and mutilate the unbeliever from the neighboring state. Problem solved.
Scalding Hot Take: Halo is overrated and has never been anything more than just good.
It's funny, because when you start practicing, if you're in an area of law where you have to interact with the general public at all (not corporate big law), that naivete goes out the window EXTREMELY fast.
From a psychological perspective, it says that you're so unhappy with yourself that you need to force a reaction from others in order to feel you matter. 

You gloat to get a reaction from others because you hate your own self. That's the feed back loop you're in.
I mean, there have definitely been precedents where terminally ill people were allowed to live out their days, but that's neither here nor there. I think the sentencing is bullshit but I am also choosing to recognize that an ill 70-yr-old is not going to be prospering in federal prison.
 what the fuck is wrong with you people?

Holy crap calm down.
That speaks more to the banality of Jordans rule titles, rather than some sort of keen insight into society.

Taken just by their titles (Peterson's definition of his rules are quite unique, I don't dispute that)  Peterson's rules are so cliched it's almost painful.
Understandable, but whether Krugman should have won for the contributions is debatable. I'd absolutely disagree with the prestige factor.

Regardless, to be as dismissive as some of the comments in this post is ridiculous.
However, there is a more strategic angle for Yang to take that is both more likely to elicit a reaction from Trump and would be more palatable to the public!

Suggestions?
brilliant reply you knuckle dragging shitheel. go back to your conservative little safe space. adults are talking.
I’ve done it. 

When I did it I slept 6 hours a day (something many people do), and had ~4hrs a day to shower, commute, have one meal with my family. 

It’s not common, but among the 1% it’s not rare either.
My personal favorite was the unforgettable shitstorm after the Microsoft AI tweeted "Jews run the media" 

Such a harmless assertion received such legendary backlash! 
good fucking food

It is actually a drink my dude... how else could this shit be getting me tipsy??
I’m white but I still wanna hump a cute Asian
What is white people's future right now?  Dwindling away, and going extinct?
OMG this is brilliant
Republicans love hypocrisy; to them it’s a warm blanket against the cold truth.
 1. Trump nominates nominee with spotless record  
  
2 Trump mounts his unicorn and flies to Neverland to get gay married to Big Foot
She reminds me of Hillary: vague at times, but smooth, slippery and utterly unflappable. 
None of it as of now is particularly restrictive it currently lacks a licensing system for most firearms and allows certain ones to be purchased without a permit incredibly less restrictive than is normal
I think they just like to be angry at someone or something or I don't see how they enjoy this. I am exhausted
Fucking perfect 🔥
What you're claiming is speculative at best. There are historians that argue that peace wasn't going to be made whether Nixon sabotaged it or not.

Nixon was an evil fuck but saying he directly caused the death of one million people through solely through his election shenanigans is pretty silly.
How is that newsworthy? Its fucking hilarious that he made fun of a tranny. funny is funny. I'd even laugh with amy schumer if she ever said something comedic.
I want a bucket of warm, squishy democracy dumped over my face. Yes, I want to be Lammynated.
Yeah but so what? For media companies, Yang Gang probably represents some of the most attractive demographics from an advertising perspective.
TIL: Filthy Harry is still alive
"I still think downvotes are a problem, as most of the content that gets hidden is just someone with a non-Labour viewpoint;"

Reality has a leftwing bias, etc. 

But seriously, the mods here do good work. Even the crazy ones.
I will. But I haven't grown tired of Jacketoff ;-)
We're hitting levels of desperation that shouldn't be possible
It’s like the second big hill on the rollercoaster. Can’t wait to see this in the senate. Dems are so convinced they control the narrative that they will be devastated when reality sets in
The Executive Branch is co-equal.  Get bent Congress.
Many businesses make filthy amounts of money while only knowing you as a unique identifier they have assigned.

Your name is meaningless.  They can determine relevant personality information about you more accurately than you can yourself, simply by watching.
So "maybe this time will be different", then?  Think that's been said since the ancient Greeks tried democracy millennia ago.

I'm... not optimistic.
Have an up vote!  Once again, this nasty woman proves that her brain truly is petrified.
Ah, but now we're back to the original problem. During the depression, many people were destitute and starving. So the alternative to social security is also destitution and starvation.
Because they're tired of being called hideous names for being with a group/holding a different opinion.


I mean, I am a white man. What should I know?


The train has no brakes.
The unique temperate rainforest which is among top planet's carbon absorbers.
Frankly, Trump is the *symptom* of a much larger problem.  It's like people griping about the mosquitoes inside their house, but failing to shut the screen door that was left ajar.
Why the fuck is cell phone usage allowed by our representatives during hearings like this? It’s disgusting we pay them and they can’t even be bothered to do their job instead of fooling around on their phones in an important moment in our nations history.
Good.  The only way these assholes get to keep their dirty laundry away from the 2020 election is to drag out the court battles.
He buys carbon credits so its totally okay for Leo to be a big fat hippocrate. Fraud.
It always appeared to because that was always the bent of the majority of the users. It's backers on the other hand have always seemed to have leaned the other way and they control the platform.  So at times it can seem like looking at a fun house mirror. 
If it wasn't for his daddy's money, he'd be destitute long ago
That’s certainly one factor. Hiring and training and militarization procedures are another. 

It’s just weird how this is a uniquely American problem, huh? Must be unsolvable. 
Yeah I get so tired of being grouped in with Gen Z. I'm a grown ass man with a mortgage and a fiance. 

I've never once looked at Tide Pods and thought "wow that looks tasty"
Now, now.  Have you studied human shit stains?  How can you be certain this “person” is actually a human shit stain?
If you think of that hideous noise as a "chime," then good luck to you. 
Once we start making lots of cheap drugs I bet a lot of countries will be quite happily tied to our pharmaceutical industry. Nothing like undercutting the competition to give you an advantage.
“Or my second terminally ill wife that I left to die”

“Or Jeffery Epstein’s flight log”
He said Trump does too many pressers especially before going into meetings which he does. The PM told the truth. Why is Canada taking the flak for this? Because Trudeau, probably a little annoyed with Trump's scheduling said something true. And Donnie can't live down the slightest hint of an insult.
The rest of the world has its own big problems with fascist authoritarianism, just like America only with far less checks and balance systems in place.

They’re not laughing at Trump that much.
Hahaha, but at least you know some dork got an eco boner over the non-functional straw
Great to see the end of the medevac bill. 

It was an ugly loophole in our governments border protection policy. 

Nice to see an independent with a brain for a change.
If you're truly non-functional without medication you file for disability. Then once Social Security and Medicare kick in you get your medicationand can get a job again. But then you no longer qualify for disability and get your medications cut off.
Rinse and repeat.
How hard would it be for Twitter to just ban or suspend people over tweets like this? I have no issue with an anti-hate [URL] just needs to be applied evenly. This open hate for whites should not be tolerated!
He reposted it five hours later, hungry for karma.
Voting will matter.  Most of the Democrats will appoint better justices.  They will not give auto manufactures permission to build coal burning pickup trucks without seat belts.  There are some ugly things a president can do.  Bu the socialist revolution takes more than just electing a president.
and Bloomberg .. and then the dark horse will emerge: the second coming of Hillary.
How are Dems less Authoritarian than Repubs? I'd say they're pretty balanced.

Dems:
Environmental Protection, Gun Control, Censorship, Anti-Discrimination/Reparations, Judicial Activism, etc.

Repubs:
Immigration Control, More Pro-War, Drug War, etc.
Must be exhausted after all that arrogant snarkiness in the final days and hours
 But the sun doesnt shine all day.

Batteries. Capacitors. 

This is not an unsolvable problem. 
The dismantling of other safety nets and most of his plans feeding back into corporate capitalism. I think Yang is excellent at identifying problem areas, I completely disagree with how he thinks those problems can be fixed long term
Ah crap. I commented before I saw your comment, clicked their profile, and saw their prestigious - 100 status.

I still don’t really understand why users like this are allowed to stick around. They never contribute anything other than hate.
Trump draws his foreign policy ideas in crayon.

Trump likes mustard on his hot dogs.

Trump has no issue with a door being slightly ajar.

Trump plays his music just a little too loud.
Didnt want cops to have body cams, passed legislation to get assets seized before convictions, prosecuted with faulty evidence putting and keeping innocent people in jail. FUCK KAMALA HARRIS
Obligatory reminder that ACE Hardware went crawling back to Laura and they should be mafr to regret that.
It looks the same when it's normal speed. He's still miserable he won.
I believe people should have as much freedom as possible, once they are old enough to make smart decisions.
Taxation is tasty
What a stupid motherfucker. 90 percent certain people who are making claims like this are for sure either doing something shady as fuck or are mad they cant control it for some sort of gains
I'm pretty sure this is done intentionally. The questions are inaudible so Trump can just ramble aimlessly instead of answering directly.
It’s incredibly easy to define. You can be unkind and yet be truthful. It’s quite literally a 1-1=0 scenario.
Obligatory ITS A TRAP!!!
Mass shootings are extremely rare and make up a tiny fraction of gun crime. In addition, the definition of mass shooting is broad and in some cases is defined as three or more victims which can easily be done with a handgun.
Beautiful big beard birthday bread boy.
It’s a very good point the last one - the family unit is a socialist unit. Kids have only ever lived in that. Hence, they believe it works and they extrapolate it out to the whole world, not knowing any better. 

Unwittingly they become useful idiots
It's because Trump is actually more intelligent than his supporters. There are a lot of mentally deficient voters out there. 

There needs to be an IQ requirement to vote.
It turns out the truth isn't very palatable to rural voters.
Just wait until you meet attractive skinny women
**IM PARCHED AND IN NEED OF SALT**
I wish someone could reassure us they would be held responsible if found to be accessories, because what happened to that poor man is hideous. I feel sick when I think about it.
So establish a law requiring it to be reviewed by a Bipartisan congressional panel if that's what you want?

Should be a Republican's wet dream to be able to read Obama's communications.
That upbeat voice was genuinely unsettling.
Biden challenging that guy who said he was too old to a run/pushup challenge has been one of my favourite moments this US election cycle. I mean I'm not a fan of how old lots of the candidates are, but that was a pretty funny response
It could be that the system has been broken a long time, as you said. 

I think however, that each president has broken it just a bit more, until we got this egotistical brat in office.
Sick burn yo
and not to mention Che was a white Argentinian doctor who could have had a really quiet and comfortable life in [URL] nope, he just had to go around the world starting revolution everywhere. and here I would recommend another movie, 'The Motorcycle Diaries'.
That is exactly why I pray these dipshits don't learn their lesson. Every time the double down on this SJW/elitist attitude it drives more moderate people away from their side... the Democratic party is going extinct, and thankfully they refuse to acknowledge it.
This is like Labour's wet dream. Unionised provincial labourers want to make green tech. Let's make this happen
LOL.  Poor Washington Post.  We finally have a President unlike Obama that is not the World's butt boy.  "Tell Vlad that I'll have more anal flexibility after my election" Obama, 2012.
Good asset imo. The Mob was all over construction, unions, trash disposal, all things a developer like Trump would need to rely on and be tight with the movers and shakers.
I can agree with that.  I hate seeing all these idiots faces plastered all over the place.
Labour and the Tory’s are really scared.

Neither of them will beat Swinson.
Seeing a Hillary bumper sticker in the wild is like coming across an animal species thought to be extinct.
Fuck you CNN. I'm never watching your network again, and I just subscribed to The Washington Post.

Read the news people.  Don't watch what the ad buyers find most palatable.
Nah the pace of automation will lead to large place unemployment, and the collapse of national markets, to be replaced with a socialist state.
angry starving wizards with survival and combat skills phucc i'd watch
Why does a movie reboot for a show with what is literally one of the most memorable and amazing guitar riffs in television history have such a generic and godawful soundtrack?
Mods are asleep, give them time to wake up, prison guard is a very tiring job.
He was asked what "boofing" meant, he didn't just say it. He also said "Flatulence" which is a medical term.

The rest of it, yeah, that's someone who's tipsy.
Yeah, the left is glad for people to have non-functional guns all day long, so yeah, not banning gun guyz, REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE! 
I’m sad that there are literally no intelligent public figures who openly defend Trump. You guys are stuck with a bunch of mediocre try-hards and ultimately we all lose.
Skinny douches hiding their faces and have never had sex. Too funny. 
They are. You are just too delighted at dead brown babies to care.
Perhaps but maybe the answer is striking the right balance between both blue collar and white collar trade, ideally work to ensure adequate and ample opportunities for everyone and support decent working conditions for all (don't make the rat race so prone to burn out). 
Another option for reviewing removed content is your re**ve**ddit [user page]([URL]). View removed content by subreddit or user:

* [URL]
* [URL]

parent commenter can reply with 'delete' to remove this comment. This bot only operates in authorized subreddits.
I've been reporting that account a lot lately. Memorable names are great for downvoting purposes. 
I hope Romney gets ass cancer and super aids, and dies a miserable painful death. What a fucking traitor.

Romney is a sore loser who will never be president, or even a quarter of the man Trump is.

I bet you Romney is gargling Soro's nut as i write this.
Hoist with their own petard. Delicious.
Not at all, it's down to virtue signalling fuckwits within our own societies who are hell bent on destroying their own nations.
Doesn’t even need to be contestants. For every girl that makes it on stage, there are probably 20 or 30 equally attractive, and just a bit more desperate others.
White people are evil and ought not be trusted.


Michael Moore is an (obese) white person



Ergo Michael Moore is evil and cannot be trusted.
As a gun owner who does not support the NRA I'm going to agree with you.  But im also reminded of why we have laws that keep bartenders from serving visibly intoxicated persons.  Is it the bar tenders fault that a drunk hits some one?
I don't care about abortions. I don't want government money being funneled back into political campaigns.

No. I don't like dark money.
"keep your filthy government hands off my Medicare"
Legal compulsion is ridiculous. Especially for the debates, which are an awful format for learning anything.

The BBC should be allowed to empty chair him or put in an actor pretending to be him, though.
I'm sick of hearing about due process.  He'll get it if he goes to criminal trial, but not all judgement in life afford such a privilege.  You can be fired from your job without 'due process', and thats essentially all that impeachment is.
What ‘political disagreement’ are you even talking about? Leftists disagreeing with the made-up assertion that they’re OK with sweatshop labor if a rich black person is profiting simply [URL] fucking aren’t??

What the fuck is there to debate here?
Which is why Trump publicly praised Comey and shook his hand, and then fired him shortly thereafter because he was too hard on Hillary.
Play in the mud, you’ll get dirty
But assuming a ~~normal distribution~~ power law distribution of votes, doesn't that mean the last candidate gets elected by only a tiny number of votes?
These people literally think the wrong ideology won the Cold War and say the founders were a bunch of racist slave holders who made the world worse.
If you have a newer smartphone there are apps that measure PD pretty accurately. I used it recently to order some cheap online glasses and they work great so the app must have measured it right.
That man was unflappable tho
M4a will be difficult to pass no matter what but Bernie's method of payment is still much simpler than Warren's because she didn't want to raise taxes and he will. Bernie's M4A bill also includes a severance and retraining package for anyone that loses their job when private insurance is eliminated.
Merry Christmas you filthy animals
They're celebrating,  but still seem miserable.
I wish Corbyn's glasses weren't ajar though.
Excellent point. I am ~~wrong~~ misinformed :)

Thanks for clearing that up
I think that none country has been loud denouncing or defending Uyghur population because China would say they are meddling in domestic affairs. As I see it, the proper way to support Uyghur ethnicity is denouncing the systematic violation of human rights and applying sanctions based on that.
When every small town has a fat, white Bubba Mayor, a fat, white Bubba Sheriff, and a fat, white Bubba Judge, it's difficult for people of color to gain any traction.
Essentially the markup would be working against a firm's own interest because of the excess supply?
So even if the discovered iron was only available to a specific firm, that firm would lower their prices causing all firms to lower there prices since demand is also scarce?
It kind of sounds like he wants to eliminate low-flow toilets and showerheads. And it seems the lightbulb comment is about "new" lightbulbs (i.e., compact florescents), which is even more nonsensical since they cast a cooler light compared to the warm light of an incandescent.
Yeah he about flipped out the other day when he saw the Downer interview.   Stunning
He knows I don't play either so I have no frame of reference for "how sick" the things he does are. I'm happy he had fun playing with his toys, though!
It should be common law for someone as ugly as her to wear a paper bag with a smiley face on it
 For instance, if Kamla Harris doesn't win or snag a VP pick, she would be a fantastic pick for Attorney General.

Ah yes, her AG/DA/prosecutor history is just spotless.
You're not missing much

Edit: guys it was.a mediocre speak let's not lie to ourselves
I think moderates are largely low-information voters, so they're dramatically under-represented here.  That's a danger that high-information voters need to be wary of.  I'm kind of shocked how right-wing my non-college working class Dem voter friends are - what really had me appalled was their stance on immigration.
We only got 4 or 5 inches here in Chicago as well, but despite the lack of accumulation, the storm was pretty bad. 40 mph winds, sheets of freezing rain leaving layers of ice on anything outdoors, cars sliding all over the place, etc. It was nasty.
 They note that Trump retains very high approval ratings with Republican voters, even as his opinion poll numbers with the electorate at large remain mediocre. 

So basically, they poll too many (D)'s? 
Many of them have broken laws and are still there...
It pisses me off when republicans are all about "illegal" immigrants and respect for rule of law when it comes to poor colored people but are quiet when it comes to any GOPer in power..
Absolutely. Even here in Russia the mass media never miss a chance to denounce communism (While praising the military feats of USSR, mind you). So that's not just cold war propaganda, no.
This shit still cracks me up. The most epic and stunning fail of 2018, bar none. 
Lol Jim's not yelling at her... Scared??
When facts are scarce, insults begin. 
I thought they went extinct while ignoring 8 years of Obamas drone war. 
How do you handle disputes over the allocation of scarce resources?
I stayed out of a similar argument at work regarding towns running out of water. Mainly because they did have a valid point that the greens had worked pretty hard against a new large dam in the upper hunter.
When it comes to science you aren't allowed to be a blind advocate because you get bad and misleading data. We want independently confirmed facts from those without conflict of interest. This isn't peer reviewed literature, thus it isn't science but an intelligent opinion piece. Which makes it so dangerous
Someone did this during an NBA game last year when the camera panned to them. Everyone thought it was hilarious and it went viral. Leave it to the media to turn everything good into a racial thing
I don’t care for the decision but I’m also annoyed with all of this coward stuff. That is just way too simple minded of an explanation.
Nothing's more dangerous than a terminally ill guy that's trained to use a gun.  He should be careful
 We could spin that he took up drinking and was really tipsy ...
People are fucking stupid and the world at large was not ready for internet.
They shouldn’t. He was a mediocre centrist when we needed a progressive leader.
You seem much more aware of the world around u and how it works than i was at your age. Thats really cool.
Now it's excellent chance to own remoaners by making brexit work and deliver the promises.
It's race, it's always race, it's never not race, and especially it's race when he says it's not race.

Welcome to a world where dog whistles are as constant as tinnitus for people obsessed with race, and inaudible to most Americans.
 I'm pretty sure the Romans thought that human souls all went to a damp, desaturated underworld.

TIL that South Bend, Indiana is the Roman afterlife.
Nothing like this happened with Neil Gorsuch, and that was fresh off the injustice of the republicans freezing out Garland, a moderate pick.
Every 10 years the elusive Gunt  turtle drags its large exhausted body back to the beach from whence it came. To bury it's Cadbury eggs..
A high and tight haircut, beard and tattoos and I can't help but stare. That's not even my type, but I like to look at them. 🤤
Yea not sure why it exists. People should only be allowed to register (and IMO should vet everyone that registers just like we do on our discord) but shouldn’t really be usable until this gets banned. Because all it’s doing is spreading mods thin between both.
And I see his ads plastered everywhere.


I don't know what I've done to get adsense to think I want to see Trump ads.
Is it sad I can always tell it's a Republican because they're always fat old white men?
You're taking the two extremes though.  I would argue that alcohol can be nearly as destructive as meth. 

I've seen functional and non-functional users of both.
This should be a call to all whistle blowers to continue to blow, but be very wary of who you share the data with. 

And yet, every fucking day T_D'ers and others are like "lol stupid liberals believing anonymous sources haha liberal tears maga."
Trump is exactly the guy who tells you how funny he is.
I've been allll over Europe, and Paris genuinely is fucking dangerous because of the masses of destitute blacks.
The phone call was what brought this to light publicly, but this is about [a pattern of behavior to extort Ukraine for Trump's political gain.]([URL])

You are very far down the rabbit hole. I'm sorry for you.
Ambulances are really expensive, $750 is cheap.  The person you were responding to wasn't kidding, ride sharing is being used to substitute for ambulances.  3 years ago when a study was done, 15% of ambulance rides had been replaced, today it's about 25%.
THOUSANDS?! One ore two is horrific, this is just another level of wickedness.
Clearly, "Tiny Brian" is a busy man with twisted priorities.
Obligatory lol morning star.

I do dislike Watson though. I think him a few other Labour MPs have let their Twitter accounts go to their heads.
And this is the best home :) where we can feel safe, snug, help each other and MAGA. I like this place.
I mean that's ridiculous, just like saying having a large majority BAME population is  also distinctly unBritish. 

Both are stupid and vice-versa.
I just got banned for 30 days cause I I made a post about possible Activision shills removing my post joking about sbmm
Easily "A Fighting Chance," which is also an excellent audiobook she narrates herself.
The teachers in Calgary are really, really angry.
Watching the 2nd link I kept thinking "He is so insanely unflappable!". Not that I'm surprised, but I always marvel.
Look at photos on election night 2016 and you’ll see a guy who is skerd and very unhappy.
Well, when noon is when the sun is at it's zenith, then it does get dark at 5:30.
Asleep at the wheel doesn’t accurately describe Lindsay Graham’s conduct. I think aiding and abetting is more appropriate. 
John F. Kennedy wasn’t perfect, but he was a cold warrior through and through, delivered [my favorite speech]([URL]), and gracefully handled perhaps the greatest burden ever placed on a mortal’s shoulders during the Cuban Missile Crisis. 

Flawed person, flawed politician, American hero nonetheless.
That's so unkind. I'm sorry to hear that :(
Ja rule was unavailable for comment.
She triggers them so [URL]’s sad how scared the Right is of her
Some very attractive dividends and growth potential in Core Civic stock
She is so gorgeous that it is kinda distracting
No, just unhappy, unstable, irresponsible gun owners.
Funny how Fake News has no appeal. Bring them down, bring them all down!
Tree of Liberty is looking parched.
The only time I've ever heard "race traitor" was when a black fellow was walking near an antifa rally in Portland with a MAGA hat
Me too! And I vividly remember being penalized for it in school (80s and early 90s) because I didn't "show my work." I'm delighted my kids are learning this way.
Dangerous territory, what if Boris proposed a new system for electing MP's in the Queens Speech?  It wasn't in the manifesto but it's normal for parties to introduce other policies and he was elected with a large majority.
I think it’s hilarious that authleft and authright are better than the left centers, “Bernie is worse than stalin or the tsars” is galaxy brained af
The wall's actually going to work great. Less people are already immigrating, and once the country is destitute and struggling to maintain a giant wall, Mexico's going to be glad it's there to keep us from stealing their jerbs.
There's a comment down-thread asking how the sub sees religion and a handful said that religion delenda est, so to speak. The rest was neutral with a tiny dash of pro-religion sentiment.
can you post screenshots of your social posts? would help us understand the level of satire and if we might be missing any context.

sounds like a miserable situation. sorry you're going through that. hope you're able to find the right path.
I mean... It really isn't. Unless you are hell bent on a doctorate they usually aren't worth it. 

I can't speak to the top 14 thing however from someone who's graduating from a lesser school there is a distinct difference between my resume and someone who went to a better school. 
too bad; finding boxes of rain soaked noody mags out in the woods was like actual treasure hunting
I think maybe if one of the top candidates self-implodes before Iowa and really shakes up the race she might have a chance to come in as a dark horse. 

That's about it though.
He says it's idiotic to ban or try to stop it
Previous presidents used funds for border walls but Trump shouldn't 

Impeccable logic right here 
I'm not from that area but I'd call that about a medium.  James Bond in Knives Out is pretty thick.
But ut really wasnt, it was just a silly attack on Warren, trying to cast her as a moderate which is what the divisive trolls have been trying to do ever since she started gaining momentum
Saw it live. It was a very tight formation, and they flew it flawlessly!
Yes, but have you considered the possibility that he didn't believe you because you were a woman?

Not so incriminating now, is it?? Now it's just stupid old man sexism.
Trump: ”[inaudible] ... yes Ivanka, yes! Now grab it with your tweezers!”
I'm offended on behalf of boudin (biden) balls. 

They're fucking delicious dude. Way too good for Biden.

(Also they're pronounced boo-dan; the joke doesn't work phonetically)
"You have FAILED ME, MAGIC UNDERWEAR! I will stretch your waistband so it will never be snug again!"
Oh yes!! So snug and comfy!! That hits the spot
Well, yeah. They are merely "lone wolves" who suffer from mental illness and who have always existed in a vacuum, never susceptible to any influences.

Edit--forgot obligatory /s
it's only palatable if you slice it to about a single mm thick then fry it. That way you lose the taste of beetroot and only gain the crisp, delicious flavor of cooking oil (or lard, if you wanna do that instead).
Please people, go to an alternative site and let Twitter die starving and alone in some damp basement in the ass end of the internet.
To be fair, NBC did admit fault and fired two employees over the edited audio.

Now if you'll excuse me, I need to go take a scalding hot shower due to the intense feeling of dirtiness from defending George Zimmerman.
but 100% of firearms dealers stopped selling them, so bloomberge is happy.

If we want to preserve our freedom, we need to get new rifles selling again.
Locusts are never moving to the field they already depleted.
From now on, I'm just going to assume that everyone without a flair is a filthy centrist.
Yeah, I agree that HBD and dysgenic trends likely effect other socially valuable traits other than intelligence. I just kind of use that as a catch-all.
DDT yesterday: I am unworthy of the honor of Daddy Beto rawing my parched military budget with his throbbing trade agreements.

DDT today: Beto asks if you wants pizza when you’re at his house, orders two large meat-lovers, and expects you to pay half. 
*"I do declare. i find myself oh so parched, be a deauh and bring Aunty Graham an ice cold Mint Julep?"*
Even with the napkins she's wearing on her sleeves Ivanka is still the most gorgeous woman ever.
It's a shop yeah but isn't that also Ivanka? Pretty sure most dads kiss their daughters on the head. Silly.
It's the "reputational damage" category of redactions that we need to be wary of. The other categories are legitimate redactions that need other legal processes to occur before they can be removed for the public.
It’s good. 

Reuter’s feed being republished.
Remember that ship is sinking, people want gtfo without being damaged too much.
Sorry, Green Party. Marianne’s presentation  is (potentially) extreme to those of Warren/Sander, thus making their ideas more palatable (a good thing).
[URL] the Pelosi defenders go quiet and skulk away...
r/worldnews is the worst sub on reddit. Their mods literally work for advocacy organizations and endlessly post their own partisan content and opinion pieces against the sub rules. The comments are a cesspool of virulent anti-American, anti-conservative hate where any dissenting opinions are immediately deleted and permabanned.
That doesn't make him not the best president in the past 50 years.  You think he was unique in that?
The food was warm but I see your point. On the other hand, many Clemson players said they really enjoyed the food.
There is a big difference between cashed up tourists wanting to experience a unique and rich culture, and those that are seeking permament settlement, welfare, and insist on introducing their own shitty culture on the host society.
This is like falling asleep in the getaway car.
Tbh, I get pretty annoyed when I see people that make these rules/generalisations. It is not productive at all. That is not to say don't criticise a stance that is misogynistic, but don't make something that is honestly a cultural problem super partisan, because then you become unreasonably partisan yourself.
A warm welcome to all our new members!
Civil servants have all kinds of tools in the toolkit. It's not splitting the atom, it just requires the two parties to work together. 

Why are you so committed to this story that it's absolutely, categorically unsolvable? From here it seems clearly to be a *technical* excuse for a *political* standpoint?
If he’s on so much speed, why is he so chubby? 😂
Economics is the study of the production and distribution of scarce resources. 

Marxism is the belief that resources are not scarce. 
California has its budget balanced and its rainy day fund FULL. How the fuck is that "ineptitude"?
seriously, today has been such a cesspool in the comments its ridiculous
All pretty big whoppers.

As demonstrated above, that's **a bit rich mate**.

Well duh, that's why he's worried...
I am just wary of handing over power to the State to decide how much a person is worth. Have you never read a history book?
#CLEAN YO TEETH TOM
makes mine wet
We do.

And this is tasty.
Yeah... only until all peaceful resolutions are exhausted... 
This is fucking nasty. I posted this same screenshot from saleem like a week ago and more people need to know about this bullshit.
Better praxis: LSD.

Agreed, comrade. Thing is I can very rarely find time in my schedule for narcotics of any kind, beyond the odd social drink on the weekends. Taking LSD is basically setting yourself up for 8-12 hours of being essentially non-functional. Old guy problems, I guess.
i was just rewording the previous argument to make it sound silly. i think. sorry, i was a little tipsy.
If I want to see a fat Disney princess I will go to McDonalds!
A turtle on a fence post with a tiny set of balls!
Trump is unflappable. 
have u messaged Yang content creators about this?
Republican silence was deafening as Trump insulted the appearance of countless women and bragged of sexual assault, but one pointed joke about SHS (about her honesty, not her looks), has them clutching their pearls and melting down like delicate little snowflakes.  To hell with these hypocrites and everything they stand for.
He must have been asleep the day his high school class learned what happened to the last President after a civil war.
Yep brains are plastic and is this another sample size of tiny?

I hope you understand that if you have a dick and an Epstein lobe of 5cc that doesn’t make you female?
The Voshkod joke was brilliant
It’s the dirty robot Kentucky, unlinke your cleanish human Kentucky 
That's a thin reed to stand upon...
right click the link

open a new tab

paste the link

see where it says t=924? that's the youtube time stamp

if your version of google chrome isn't playing it from 15:24 there's something wrong with it and maybe you need to uninstall some bad extensions

take care
If you actually paid attention to his ideas you would know how silly you sounded implying anything you mentioned are ideas he has taken any action in at all.
Do you know what sub you're on? It's not a universal Libertarian position, but it's pretty common.
Snug implies a tight fit.  Condoms labelled or marketed as snug are smaller to give that tight fit.  A large penis would find a standard condom snug so you wouldn't need to purchase a smaller one to be snug.
It doesn’t have to work that way. I say do it in academic scholarships, for tutoring and teaching in elementary school and infusing money in low SES communities to improve academics.

Perhaps in childcare etc. 

That is something that can all do.
A coalition with the SNP would only be palatable to English Labour voters if both parties guarenteed there would be no second independance referendum. One choice would devastate SNP support in Scotland, the other would devastate Labour support in England.
I'm really curious, what the hell part of Ontario did you drive through?

Ontario is gorgeous - and almost every small town I've been to there was full of nice people. 
I know, hard to process in that simple head.

Nice. How civil.

Care to clarify the position you're trying to represent here for my simple head? You don't find the hypocrisy of their behaviour the least unsettling?
She endorsed hillary over him, who is about as progressive as a wet fart and then went on to run against him with his own platform in an attempt to steal his voters.
Lmao yes I'm worried and scared and don't just think you're a cringe retard
How is "He is winning why should he?" A decent excuse ? Surely if the Tories are the best for the job they can withstand the scrutiny. What are you scared of ? If you are happy for him to dodge scrutiny then you clearly don't believe in his policies or character.
Marble Madness on the classroom computer at recess on rainy days. 
Yeah I found it a bit of a dry read.
Republicans are beyond bad and have been for like 20 years. The corporate Dems are only a few steps improved, though. They're still 100% down to jail children and let us slide ass-first into a climate-changed world.
On a tangent, this reminds me that /tg/ calls themselves fa/tg/uys, and in most roll calls the pictures are mostly super skinny dudes. I always though it was ironic.
He said earlier this year that he was being treated for muscle weakness in his eye at Moorfields. I don't think he's said specifically what condition it is, but some form of muscle weakness and he has special prism glasses to help.
LMAO. Fox News? Were The Young Turks unavailable?
The sound of shredders in action is deafening. 
Do you actually think that the US is receiving the revenues from the oil fields in SDF areas? You know that we aren’t and you are just repeating a tired platitude from the Iraq war.
That is not really the point either, he already admitted openly, and his shitty drunk Uncle lawyer confirmed the impeccable conduct.
Because inside linebackers turn tight ends into wide receivers.
that could possibly work if you havent already found out that you can find anything on the internet if you just look hard enough.
Fuck, I'm exhausted, I misread "grenades" as "genders".
Fuck you trump you worthless, fat, cunt.
Okay, but within the nation of Canada, Quebec is ignoring the legal document that protects minority rights while simultaneously receiving protections as a minority from said document. That's bullshit and everyone here knows it, except the nationalists who only care about Canada as long as they feel they are receiving special treatment.
McCain is going to fade into history though. Trump is unforgettable.

The Senator for Arizona versus the 45th and possibly last Presdient of the US?
This is not fat, it’s morbidly obese.  
If there's a market for non-chlorine-washed chicken then that will be plastered all over the packaging just like 'Organic' is now for the more expensive 'Organic' food.

What's wrong with giving people the choice?
Are you claiming the guy advocating for ethnostates and race science isn't a fascist? Or are you saying that was one of the rare examples of a fascist in this forum?
That Babylon Bee headline of Republicans just letting Dems talk as a strategy is so brilliant.
 enormous power 

lol
How much would that cost? 

How much would some cheap shelves cost?
It’s hard to turn Argentina to the right. Macri had 5 years to save money and try to improve the situation but people don’t understand that, they want their social security back.
Bad candidate, no healthcare plan, turned up to debates drunk, Biden beat her in round 2.
No, no, but I'm saying that if you asked 14 year old me my reaction would be the same as this kids reported reaction, struggling to comprehend the enormity of what had happened. This is horrific but I can't expect a child to fully understand what the implications of this are
No.  Freezing water does not displace more than its original volume.  True, water expands when it freezes, but the difference is made up by the portion of the ice that rises out of the water (i.e. floats).  There is no "extra" displacement.
Be grateful for your flip phone poor people!!!! Be thankful you have free air!!!
Tinfoil hat is snug
It is ridiculous to accept trump being in power bc of dying on the stake of some principled view that he needs to be seen as a criminal.  He is doing tremendous damage and we need to stop that.  Let the justice system run its course on an independent basis once hes out.
iridiue, you know that its a waste of time to post stuff like this in r/politics Might as well buy some scratchers than wait for it to gain traction. Now any antiTrump or anticonservative stuff you have no matter how inconsequential and you're good to go.
Keith is a genius and an amazingly talented broadcaster, but he's insane and has burned every bridge in the business. It's too bad because I love the guy.  
  
He's amazingly articulate and knowledgeable, and he's outstanding in a live format like election coverage.  He's utterly unflappable. 
Great, a corpratist who will sell you out w/o being nasty to minorities. No longer good enough for me. Please research your candidates thoroughly.
It is literally impossible
It seem you think that I'm spouting "idiotic nonsense" - as that sub claims it is about. I would be delighted to hear why you think my assessment of the situation is so wrong?
I agree, we need more affirmative action against white people to close this success gap.
One of my friends has a light four days every 80 days. And it’s like clockwork. She’s medically fine, just lucky.
Ah I understand. I'm with Jon Stewart though: the only response to an opposition that believes that government is non-functional, and then self-fulfils that prophecy through obstructionism, is brute force and circumvention.
Given how rules are being bent a little, surely they would try this?
I wonder if thats why trump is so mean. If all you deal with is sycophants who would eat their own shit if you told them too, if only for just a little more money and influence. After a lifetime it would be hard to like anybody.
Those chubby cheeks!
The best argument against JP being a good “self help” guru is his followers being the most miserable and cynical people on Reddit
This baby's face and the pained look on the face of the girl desperately trying to pull away from him are unforgettable and require no additional meme effort.
We gotta keep the deport button warm for the concern trolls.  Meme it up, boys!
He seems to like UBI though and he doesn’t think its a bad thing they replace welfare programs. Might help the Chapos to warm up to the idea
you'd think that someone as chubby as him would be familiar with the concept of "eating"
To be fair, Obama opposed same-sex marriage at the time too. Hard to believe it, but same-sex marriage really didn't become "politically palatable" on any side of the aisle until 2012ish.
They are revolting. Have you ever smelled a morbidly obese person?

Go ahead and lie to everyone right now and say they aren't revolting.

Again, I'm not a dickhead for saying objective truths about obese people. You are a dickhead for enabling that behavior.
They are the slime in the filthy, fetid, swamp.
How is a 30 year old dating a 21 year old even remotely *not* palatable?
Preach, Snug.
I want to point out those heros were part of the Church's security detail (volunteers). Just to show that allowing good guys with guns to be part of a security detail can save lives in certain places cough* schools cough*
Putin's puppet is running scared, releases desperate video to rally low-brow base as the walls of justice close in tight!
We have the most swole pedes folks! Might I recommend Grunt Style shirts to wear in the gym. Great snug fit without looking like a D-bag. Plus seeing that American flag on my sleeve. Extra reps for Merica all day errry day.
Not OP and not in agreement with OP.

But, it’s an argument popularized by Carl Schmitt it helps explain why some people are strongly opposed to “liberalism”.

Here is a good podcast on the topic:

[URL]
I've heard a few of super religious people justify his behavior by saying, "nobodys perfect except for jesus."  From what I understand, their wives agree, but think that on the spectrum from satan to jesus, hes a little closer to satan.
I mean the white house is really old. I'm sure its plumbing is a shit show. 

^^Pun ^^completely ^^intended.
 Other stuff = functional educational system

Common core = non-functional educational system. Gotta take care of that first. Can't run before you walk.
Wail=cry, brilliant. 

Reaaaaal stable geeeeenius!!!
Just like trump, don't give two shits about sick people who could benefit from health care but wants to extend healthcare to a terminally ill patient. 
Where does it end? they can get free water from the tap? a tent is a perfectly adequate shelter?


Can we not get pissy when someone has the internet?
Stunning! Absolutely stunning. Somehow this has to be undone
Whatever. I'm halfway out the door to Canada already and I'm tired of caring about American politics. If y'all want to keep alternating back and forth between neocons and fascists, be my guest.
“Bernie-bro” here. Thank you for your calm clarity. It has become a very rare thing in this primary. We’re united on almost every issue, and the places that I disagree with Warren are minute enough for me to still happily vote for Warren if push comes to shove.
Quite frankly he's not angry enough. A French student just [self-immolated in protest]([URL]) of the ludicrousness of the current established order. And somehow Sanders and Warren are too angry? They should be grateful the pitchforks haven't gleamed yet.
If Greenland is unavailable maybe Trump can buy Antarctica, or the Moon.  Or all the stars in the sky!  Tremendous deals!
The only memorable thing from TFA was a planet-sized laser gun and that was just a bigger death star, so... womp womp
Well, that's oversimplifying things quite a bit. There are like hundreds of levels of election security, voter ID is one of them. And you're statement isn't even fully accurate, it leaves out a gigantic amount of context
Liberal who claims the tax bill hurts the poor and helps the rich now complains that her rich constituents won’t get tax breaks, tasty!
Except for the foot in mouth thing that one or the other will pull ... that will be the headline all over Reddit and the only memorable thing from the whole event ... 
 If Trump’s relationship with the outgoing aide is damaged beyond repair, the White House’s fallback is the NDA Trump has employees sign, though it’s unlikely such agreements are legally enforceable.

So why did Omarosa go quiet if the NDA is useless? She had tapes and stuff....
Lmao in China they [harvest DNA]([URL]) and [install spy apps]([URL]). I always find it funny when they make false equivalences. Pathetic how their only arguments are logical fallacies.
For a tiny little subsection no one listens to, they sure seem to be getting very loud these days.
I thought he was just going across the board immediately with everyone. Once they see it on a large scale, they will not hate it (or maybe they still will. Some people just hate things no matter what). Plus everyone has a opt-out option so she's might just opt out initially.
How do you know he's lost money when he refuses to be transparent about his finances? Kinda sounds like you're just making shit up.
With the 15% viability threshold in place, anything could happen here, especially considering the margin of error 5% from the small sample size.
Under favourite celebrities: Donald Trump, Jim Davidson, Jeremy Clarkson, Katie Hopkins and Roy Chubby Brown. You couldn't make it up.
yea but its just a passport. A little book. Dont get started about how a passport "represents" anything bigger than that. Its just a small collection of pages and stamps made for your convenience.
Lol. Trudeau really is two faced after that black face incident. Good one trump
Apparently she had a fling with Peter strzok and McCabe. So she's really good at getting fingered..🤷
He wouldn't be locked up until he exhausted all his appeals tho.
Far fewer people would have woken up. I’m afraid I’d still be asleep. Maybe... 
Lmao, the elites in California hate him. What are you even saying? Also look at the unique donations. That's how you can garner how much support he has.
Republicans are a very nasty, violent, and hateful people!
My friend tried to register all evening before the deadline. The site was completely non-functional. This should be a no brainer. 
Native Europeans have to be stopped from preserving their own race and cultures, because.... why was it again? Somehow not wanting to go extinct means we hate other races or something? 

It was something really retarded.
Republicans are chubby and sinister.

Democrats are the hotness.
These old men are already up past their bedtimes. They'd be too tired and weak to even find their blue pills.
Imitation or not, she is attractive and intelligent.
I've literally not said anything that you apparently think I've been saying, and yet I'm the dumb one. Nice. Cool. Great.

Have a super day, and maybe pick up a Peter and Jane or two.
Of course they'll get nothing and stay poor. That money might even be used to pay them to destroy their families. Democrats doing what they do, keeping the black man down, take his job, take his family, take his dignity, take his soul.
Both. Trump and jr are gigantic trolls. Trust fund babies with no idea how the real world works and the same mentality as teenagers of rich parents. 
license plates are made out of about the cheapest material imaginable and are super thin so if I ever put this together I think it will be just for display. Unless I get a good deal on a parts kit

The tops of all our vats ajar,

The feral mountain yeast

Will bring our worthy wort to tinge

Before the summer's ceased.
It must be hard on Bernie Bros to be constantly wrong about everything.
It would have been non-functional and in constant war as in Libya.
Broadcast is hard to track down numbers for, but I did find this for last year: [URL]

Edit: it let me view that the first time, but apparently it's paywalled. It had Fox fourth behind (in some order or another) NBC, ABC, and CBS.
And as we know Boomers are legally not allowed to nominate a nominee for president, so ez gg
I agree, and the article makes that distinction perfectly. It's not about being delighted about her death. It's about being permitted to criticize her without getting bullied under the pretense of political correctness.
No, he had to walk after ripping his asshole open like that
Voting for the Iraq war based on faulty intelligence was a bad idea. Hindsight is also 20/20. That doesn't automatically invalidate the rest of her votes. And i say that as someone who marched in the protests in Feb 2003.
Beto is an NRA wet dream. I cant believe forcible gun confiscation is being discussed. What a giftwrapped talking point for the GOP.
"ethnic cleansing"

Sounds pretty horrific a phrase to me.
A libertarians-only club where content is moderated and curated?

Our friends at /r/GoldAndBlack provide that.
Parents weekend was the BEST. The dishes were spotless, the food was fresh, and you got to stare at awkward touring highschoolers.
We’re still being run by ancient voodoo that has little public good associated with it.
I love how racism has made an insane amount white men and boy's brains into mush. Yeah i brought it up and even if your life depended on it you could figure out why. lol
In every election, mostly (that I've seen) in Truthdig.

His interview on Useful Idiots (the second part hasn't been released yet) is excellent.
When the stock market does poorly, normal people lose their jobs.

And the rich buy up tons of land, stocks, and everything else on the [URL] when prices go back up.
Durham issued a rare statement of his own on Monday suggesting that he was reaching different conclusions from Horowitz.

I mean, it’s literally in the article.
Logan act only applies to unauthorized conduct. He was acting on the instructions of the president. If we can prove "playing ball" as quid pro quo or an unkind contribution, he's as fucked as Trump. But the Logan act doesn't really apply here.
I trust whoever has the most memorable cliche. 
 I have no evidence to support any of this

And I have no evidence that you, /u/mlr2w, *aren't* actually an unemployed morbidly obese old man who is still a virgin and fantasizes about killing poor people with his bare hands while publicly masturbating every day and crying.
When the Russian collusion story turns out to be a gigantic lie, just call people racist!
$420K is two years salary? I think a lot of people who take 7-10 years make that kind of money would be happy to trade places with you.
The fact that I mentioned rent alongside mortgage. You fixated on mortgage, and then the wealthy, probably because you’re dishonest and hell bent on wealth transfers to your cohort.
Because this is a country where in cartoons, the scientists are evil (mad) and the billionaires (that typically spend most of their adventures beating up poor people) are heroes.
Am I crazy, or does this guy look like a chubby, creepy Stephen Colbert?
The chance of the Senate removing Trump is so small it's practically non-existent.
I thought he was talking about a room on the way to the perps room that was ajar.  Was it the perps room its self?
If there's one thing Republicans are known for is that they're a happy bunch who knows how to give some love.
In politics, mediocre is acceptable. They'll be more likely to listen to their better informed civil servants advice.
THANK YOU

Great to see some fucking sanity on reddit.

If it turns out Trump WAS wiretapped though, I'd bet the guy is spotless fucking clean, any possible outrage would have been blown out of proportion a thousandfold
So the small government Republicans, you guys are all extinct now?  You had a chance to fight for your convictions and you caved so effortlessly it’s like you never had those convictions at all.
South Park really went away from the "Libertarian" bent they were on in the 2000's. I can't think of an episode where they had a pseudo libertarian message the past 8 or so years.
Fractional reserve banking is a farce. Loans are deposits. So banks just make money from thin air.
Brilliant!  So many heads nodding and hands clapping!
She's gorgeous (that laugh and smile, wow), incredibly intelligent, passionate, successful, and seems like a lovely person. What's not to fancy about her?
I think most people here are tired of her. Political stunts are not appreciated.
Got europe and EU conflated.

America still wildly more successful.... not sure your point.

Pretty clear you're out of your league here. Can just stop.
Because security is tight over there and nothing has ever come out through them.
We must also recognize that while access to information has improved considerably so too has the advent of easily debunked conspiracy theories, misinformation, and disinformation.

Do you realize this applies to your side as well? Assuming yours is spotless is proving the point you're making.

Excellent write-up!
That's a pretty hefty fee. I could be wrong, but I'm not sure ad revenue would make up for that. I don't mind paying for my NYT subscription or WSJ, but they're both much cheaper and do some excellent journalism.
Not if she goes on stage tipsy again.
This guy is mentally 6 years old.
I agree. Their explanation is lie, or the transcript itself is inaccurate. I re-read the transcript. Here is what it says (their misspelling, not mine):
 
  The word "inaudible" is used to indifate portions of a conversation that the notetaker was unable to hear.
You're assuming that the voting machines function correctly, all votes are counted and all people who can vote are able to and do. 

Don't discount the value of dirty tricks that have been and can be played.
Exactly. He's 64, never had a partner, and he's scared enough to do a 180 on his core beliefs.
Me: oh cool a post with over 15 comments, must be a decent discussion going on discussion going on

Thread: Left Visitor +95
                          Left Visitor + 56
                                    Left Visitor + 21
                                              Left Visitor + 13
                                                        Left Visitor +4
                           Left Visitor + 32
                                     Left visitor + 14
                            Neoconservative +2
                  Libertarian -2

Me: welp
well you can't possibly be tipsy every time you want to speak to a crush, eventually you'll need to do is sober
Think about how ugly that gets when babies and kids are thrown in there as fodder. Sounds like Satanism to me. The behavior at Gammorah all over again.

I pray that God very much has His hands on all the right people in this situation, guiding them through this stuff.
It was a bad thing for Nixon
Political opinion, much like religion has more to do with influence and upbringing. Not intelligence, a very intelligent person can believe and accept irrational things. Comments like this just create division. Half the state/country isn’t stupid because they didn’t support the candidate you wanted.
Let's get him on my home state of NH and I'll be happy! He's the only Democrats I actually like.
 What does the M stand for in ICBM?

A nuke is a kind of bomb.  Wait.... are we still letting NK have bombs???  Oh nos!!  Talk about idiotic.

I said enough.  You know nothing.
Oh, are they talking about Syria finally?

The staggering volume of their silence has been deafening.
I'm pretty sure if you had the ability to say anything intelligent you'd do far better than that post.
I love these fake low polls. Keeps them complacent, keeps us hungry
Using your power as president to strong arm another country for personal gain is the definition of abuse of power. It's that cut and dry.
Or that Bill Clinton is part of it. Pervert or not, the man has a clear record of hooking up with chubby skanks. Nobody ever accused Monica of looking underage. 
What a ridiculous headline. The land that he farms requires a levy. It was low lying 200 years ago and will be low lying 200 years from now regardless of warming. If the levy wasn't there, it would have been flooded 100 times in the past.
I know, she is unflappable. My first reaction reading about this was feeling protective of Sanders, then I remembered why we love her and realized she would be fine. 
This story brought to you by a site run by the man who called Obama a “skinny ghetto crackhead”. Save yourself a click and ignore this garbage.
Miserably unhappy people - especially fatally unhappy ones - tend to have pretty black thoughts.
Absolutely stunning incompetence from these Republican questioners. Really pathetic.
Remember the creepiness of the train/nightmare scene? The creepiness of shoving a big ass vhs cassette into someone's abdomen? 

Yeah - it was memorable.

But he's still a dick.
Give Ratcliffe an Emmy. Impeccable impression of a toddler stamping his feet around.
That's literally wrong though, you should get drunk with bubble heads more often.

Land based = cuck tier.
Same here.  Her first Presidential will be memorable to say the least. 
Do you have any specifics of what makes in not a viable option in your mind? Maybe we can help dispell some of your doubts. Feel free to ask any questions you have.
Its Hamberders you filthy casual.
The double standards on display are incredible. Cognitive dissonance really is a tragedy to see in the open.

Get better... Your life surely has some value?
Even the black cops, are they also nazis?
I hope it makes it safer. I was hit by a truck driver who fell asleep when traffic was stopped on the freeway. Hit me going 75 when I was stopped turned my car into an accordion.
Do you enjoy mass murder? Do you think the tears shed are "delicious?" 
If you think you have a right to them, talk it to court.

You folks show your youth and lack of experience when you pretend that claims of executive privilege or refusing documents without a court order is somehow rare. This is literally how every administration since at least Nixon has responded.
Agreed. I’m pretty sure that’s a violation of my 4th amendment rights. Am I being detained?
Yeah, what the fuck was that idiot doing in the octogon in the first place?  That was just sloppy playground bully style striking, he is lucky a broken jaw is all that he suffered.
He's got no problems with women. Believe me. The broads go wild for Mr. Trump. He is quite the ladies man. Women of impeccable breeding know Mr. Trump is a winner. Only sub-standard females are unable to appreciate Mr. Trump's greatness.
Lol using depleted uranium like it’s anything other than a dense metal
Making fun of people who are fat seems to be one of the things that many people feel no shame or remorse for doing.

It's unkind, unhelpful and certainly in no way productive--but it also doesn't get critiqued nearly often enough.  The photos were interesting to look at.
It's called several low pressure systems made up of damp warm air in succession, originating from 2 air masses. Its has all ways happened and all ways will.
Live and let live in your moms basement. Nobody gives a fuck about your sophomoric hot takes in the real world.
As someone who's never been drunk, I read something like this and wonder if I should try it because it sounds REALLY good.

Then I remember that's why I don't.
Don't engage with this guy. He's angry and bullying you to feel better.

Your empathy is a strength, never lose it. It inspires hope to see perspective like yours.
Why oh why Couldn't this have happened in some other State?  Even Arkansas would have been ok...

The sheer white trashness of this gives oklahoma a bad name ... err worse name
Feeling vulnerable by the blue wave from midterms and that a bunch of criminals that you called your politicians are going down. How has that tax break that Donald Trump promised that would have help everyone working for you, feeling snug with your extra $4 on your paycheck? 
The Kings and Queens of the Ancient World had that sweet alien tech bestowed upon them which was the "Chosen by God to rule" shtick. Then when They left and took the technology with them, we kept letting the same bloodlines rule us.
obviously

twitter is bad for your brain
I cant count how many times I've laid in bed and fell asleep to the beautiful sounds of Ashoken Farewell and Shelby Foote.
The worst thing about the GOP is how well the co-opted an enormous bloc of reliable lower and lower middle-class voters that will never vote Democrat. They're sneakier and more fanatic than the Viet Cong and they kicked our asses.
You made me snort irl. 

Ahem. Why yes, he sent me a terminally ill daughter so that I would see the error in my ways of natural sex. 
CNN: Trump berates terminally ill man at hospital 
When the 2020 elections are stolen, again, maybe they'll start figuring it out.

The 2016 election wasn't stolen.

And there's plenty of reasons to be optimistic for 2020, especially if you look at 2018 midterm turnout.  

Fuck outta here with this completely twisted view of reality.
What was the word that was inaudible from Trumbull? Anyone know? 
If you mean "the government providing healthcare to ensure people aren't left destitute because they had the audacity to get sick" then yes, you've hit the nail on the head. 
How awesome is it they Trump truly IS getting “tired of all this winning?!”
A man walked up to me and said

"I'd like to poison your mind

With wrong ideas that appeal to you

Though I am not unkind..."
You don't watch Conan then. 

Cuck Conan bit "Celebrities favorite gifts they got this year"

Putin: America

There was other shit about Sean and Sessions too but it's not entertaining enough to be memorable 
Wow I commend your honesty.  I dont want you to be miserable.  Im sure things will swing back your way in a term or two and Ill be the one bitching
Head over to the asktrumpsupporters subreddit to see what they think about this. They're genuinely happy and excited, they think the Dems are about to get what they deserve. It's always about owning the Dems and Libs to these guys, our country will fall from these views.
He’s delicious.
The debates start in just a week and a half.  It might be an opportunity to thin the herd.

[URL]

And 70% of Democratic primary voters intend to watch these debates.  [URL]

I wasn't able to find our how many Republicans and independents plan to watch, though.
"yeah personal attacks are cool, I prefer them to normal arguments anyways, fuck thinking and all of that shit".
Fuckin Maddow has never met a rightwing female Senate Democrat she didn't love. She used to talk about Claire McCaskill as a dark horse for a presidential run, and then that fucking idiot lost her reelection the same time her state voted for a minimum wage increase and medical marijuana. So pointless
Don't forget sugar which is also addictive and legal. And the caffeine and the sugar are not expensive at all. Selling them to you for $5+ when it likely costs 50 cents or less is how this asshole became a billionaire.
Go dmt and it wont matter if you are eyes are open or closed all you'll see is the vortex
If anyone knows about the good, the bad, and the ugly, it's Eastwood.
 Here’s what it does: it eliminates private insurance. 

So if M4A is mediocre or worse, I'm prohibited from buying something better? Sounds great.
Exactly. I've also seen functional and non-functional users of procrastination; should that be illegal too?
The problem is that we (Democrats) promised this during nafta.  The jobs and training never came.  They’re wary of the same promise again.
Mark zuckerberg is jerking off to all your nudes.. he is a billionaire that is scared of losing money!
Locals protest with the killing of Islamic State cell members and he say it not sympathy? Please Lister tell more about Shuhayl, the town very well know for salafis, and how they only protest because of bad YPG occupation. 

They protest because they are not allow to rule with their ancient tribal law...
True, just funny to me that small shit like this is still "news" when he's over in Ukraine diddling with oil and the like...
Lol, why? Canada's population is tiny and they have tons of resources.
Had to keep em north of the Zambezi till that river was running dry, so that mighty land could prosper cause Rhodesians never die
It just reminds me how good Pete is at speaking on the record.
Did they get rid of the rule that allowed members to wear their uniform to straight weddings but not gay weddings? I'm willing to admit my view on them is incorrect if they changed that.
She's collapsing faster than she did in scalding hot 20 degree weather.
You leave out the part where to get people to "do your planned economy" requires murdering millions of people, putting the common man in the poor house, and ultimately end up with a dictatorship.
Hideous - yikes !
They’re trying really hard to make Pete out to be a badass.  Pete is not a CIA black ops mercenary with 139 confirmed kills.  He’s just a nerd with a big brain and a big heart.
I'm not really praising them as I am expressing my respect. It takes an artist to turn bullshit into someone palatable and then spoon feed it to their audience. 
I am. I don't think An caps have come up with a satisfactory method of controling/regulating pollution in a stateless society. Roads are easy to understand. Someone else builds and owns them. 
not with those cheap photoshop drop shadow effects. the lighting is from straight-above (compare with the pallet bottom)

edit: do you really think they'd make special ugly numbers like that? to put on a throwaway cardboard box display?
Faulty brake.
Goes off air? Being the president doesn't mean you're available to the press 24/7.  Your argument would be valid if there was a national / global crisis and trump was unavailable -  there wasn't. This is them trying to make a mountain out of an ant hill. 


HAVE FUCKING GORGEOUS DAUGHTERS
Hot damn do I love this idea of this ticket. DNC get your shit together and stop conspiring to fuck the entire nation over.
I said its not new..a lot of ppl in the canberra bubble knew about this.

Ita [URL] the medias acting like its got some hot scoop

My comment was more i hate how this shit only comes to light after they die..

This should of burned hawke down when he was in power not decades later
Because sex is about the only entertainment you can afford and birth control is becoming increasingly expensive and unavailable.
Dude is a fucking patriot. I'm surprised they found pants big enough for his enormous balls.
The ideal world is a completely autonomous, self sustaining factory producing incredibly expensive watch springs that break a day after the warranty expires with an extinct human population to minimize overhead. Imagine the profit margins!
If the Imperials hadn't depleted their manpower and just ceded the territory immediately then Ulfric would have won. #StormcloaksOrBust
especially when the NHS is privatized. 

Not going to happen. There's no evidence either.

Having provision does not mean 'privatisation'. Most countries with universal healthcare have a mixed private/public sector. The UK is in a small minority with it being so state-dominated.
Are you asking me to calm down you Nazi?
A brilliant speech by Schiff, during prime time, prior to the vote, while trump is acting like a mean toddler during his hate rally.
OK. I see what you mean now. I agree completely. But I don't think it's an unsolvable issue. It is, after all, how things are done now. So it might not work as often as needed, but it's at least trying and can be fixed. 
I find it comforting knowing history will be very unkind to Donald Trump and his administration. 

[🎶 History has its eyes on you 🎶 ]([URL])
I love being quarantined with all of you snug as a bug in a rug 🐞🐛❤❤
Can’t wait to see him in the hot seat, first time where he won’t be in control of the situation.
Literal Nazi picks on child who wants clean air and water because that's cool now.
Vat is not designed to fund the entire freedom dividend. Economic growth is supposed to make up a large portion. Then there is savings on government programs that also feeds into the system. I think there is a website that breaks down how the cost gets covered idk the link off the top of my head
Can you imagine them cracking the door ever so slightly ajar, so one of the maniacs shoulder slams into the door and falls in like a bugs bunny cartoon. 
Now imagine the hugely obese woman is a minimum wage worker who doesn't really care about economic justice etc. but *does* really care about how being fat excludes her from the life she wants.

What do?
Think about it.  Why the fuck would Paddock, who's planned this attack for weeks right down to the last meticulous detail, freaks out and panics because a security guard comes to check out the exit door ajar?  Why not wait for him to leave instead of shooting up the hallway?  
This benefits Sanders Warren and Harris. They will be getting a ton of free coverage and attention - it will be really hard for other candidates to even break through the news cycle during impeachment trials.
They call Trump Hitler but then think it's a good idea to take guns away. You'd think they would love guns
Despite what the other person said, I would still recommend reading Mao and Stalin. They each had a unique perspective, influenced by their era, on how socialism ought to function.
Yes, the transcript was perfect.
\ worked for McKinsey when they were consulting for company that was later revealed to be involved in a bread price fixing scandal

\ had the company involved in bread price fixing as his client

\ definitely had nothing to do with bread price fixing

pffff. You ButtHeads are hilarious.
I was in my room crying about Bernie Sanders when my mom came in and threw a plate of scalding hot chicken tenders at me. The grease caused second degree burns. My Mom laughed and said ‘Match that, faggot. Hahahahahahaha. Now clean that shit up and get a job.’
*Log note: parched lips still a problem.*
Makes sense, because in the case of some sort of horrific event, you don't want the top 2 people in the country unable to fulfill their duties.
It's more than a little ironic that this thread has 'Thread is linked from r/Anarcho_Capitalism. Mind the downvote brigade.' plastered across the top, yet the only posts I'm seeing receive downvotes are mine and my fellow ancaps.
Eggplant Parm is super tasty I'd totally make it more if I was vegetarian.
O cool the obligatory both sides comment
Once you read it, you can start using the anarchist meme and tell people to read the fucking Bread Book. 😉

Don't think so, but the idea of a tipsy book club is making me want to start one.

I'm allergic. 

The ultra wealthy are benefiting (at least in the short term) from the gigantic tax cuts. These cuts have had a negative effect on the deficit. A bigly negative. [URL]
It's unlikely that he'll go to jail, but I'll be content with him becoming destitute.
Even if you support Hillary and think Trump is worse, you can't ignore this unsettling fact about Clinton. It's a serious report by the FBI and I hope she can say something about it and promise that she won't jeopardize our security again as president.
More hot dry weather = more and more severe bushfires. Hope that helps.
So Reddit is for ugly, young, racist people?

You know, that's not too far from the truth.
But I thought Ben Shapiro was a white supremacists ERROR ERROR DOES NOT COMPUTE RUSSIAN BOT NON-FUNCTIONAL ERROR ERROR
I think the disconnect here is that you’re assuming a tight knit and organized cabal where I’m picturing a blundering and self-sustaining circle jerk of neoliberal bubblism.
There are several lines that could be drawn between a lot of Bernie supporters and Trump supporters (at least on the internet). The important thing is to remain calm, and solution-oriented throughout all of this.
If the US withdraws, it will create "an unsolvable problem to the management of the U.N."

But later goes on to say the problem is in Syria and N Korea.  So how are those problems the UNs problems?


I’m inclined to agree because I think dark forces are working to align us with the USA as much as possible, including their broken politics.
To be fair, selena gomez is sexy and the same age as me so I’m allowed to find her hot
Woop Woop .                                                                    
Can't stop the Trump train, keep trying it's fun to watch.


You do realise that trains with faulty braking systems tend to crash, right? 
I imagine a budding community of chubby neckbeards, Syrian refugees, conspiracy-obsessed fuckwits, gun-crazed racists, and Nazis would be a very fun place to vacation.

"No fat chicks!"
This is unkind to lizards. I have met many nice, kind, friendly lizards. 
I agree with you - but it seems that people *really like* being richer than their neighbors - which suggests that the very fact that people are poorer than their neighbors would make them unhappy, even if their material needs were met.

[URL]


That's plain bonkers from both macro and micro economic theory. US boomed when it was the only remaining industrial powerhouse. Manufacturing also produces the most of economic value add compared to any other process. Cheaper prices is a faulty paradigm designed to placate lazy thinkers into believing this hoax.
Dry skin.
[URL]

This was May's speech on counter-terrorism and the work she has done as Home Secretary. Her record on the matter is actually fairly spotless and is by far one of her best subjects

Her Counter-Terrorism Bill, Snoopers Charter and so on all are to protect from terrorist acts 
You are criticizing certain proposals and ideas, saying the Democratic party is bad at economics. I am saying, you are criticizing goals and proposals.

The Democratic party runs the government responsibly.

The Republican party also has crappy ideas by your assessments, but they run the government horribly.
I agree FYI. I'm just challenging the "if you're old enough to pay taxes, you should be allowed to vote."  In my view, it should be reversed: If you're *not* old enough to vote, you should *not* be required to pay taxes.
Great. Kebabs are better than not going extinct I guess
What's wrong with the architecture?? It's gorgeous and fits well with it's surroundings.
Feeling angry about injustices is justifiable. But using it rhetorically to make your point is just injecting more anger into an already angry, polarized country, and we don’t need more poison pumped into our veins. We need cooler heads to prevail.
Sounds hot.
We're cool, then.
Here we see a cave painting of ancient man doing battle with the colossal ground sloth using traditional Neolithic hunting techniques such as the atlatl, pitfall traps and a crude Armalite rifle chambered in 7.62 NATO
Nuclear is a perfectly adequate solution for dense Metropolitan areas.

The moment you're more rural almost all the benefits are out weighed by the costs of installation and maintenance. 

Renewables will always be better for developing countries and more rural areas
One year old account... don’t let the door hit you on the way out, undercover shill!
I never, ever understood why his yell turned people off. In fact, I don't think it did. Looking back on it, the media made a fucking gigantic deal out of him shouting "yeah" once, but no one really cared.
People will flock to Greta more because she's not super attractive.

[URL]

People are more likely to be receptive to scientific facts when they come from someone unattractive.

I'm not saying that ol' Greta's ugly, but she definitely doesn't fit western society's idea of attractiveness.
You make an excellent point. I feel they should have added different shades to the verbiage for the punishment though as you have eluded to.
That jacket looks like it's fitton just a tad snug.
Just go away, find a nice book with ALL the answers and be happy and snug.
Well deserved. She hung her hat on kicking Franken out of the Senate over nothing and unfortunately for her I think many people have gotten wary of #MeToo overreaching.
Aka an open admittance that the GOP is a fascist entity and the government no longer serves the people.
Socialism in 1942: **Pic related**

Socialism in 2019: "Point of privilege: Could we like not clap and wave our fingers instead because it's like really loud and I'm like really sensitive so I find it scawy. Also I want my mommy, cookies and hot milky."
That's so cool! So much love on that stage.
Don’t worry, the next Democratic President will get an enormous amount of shit if he takes 3 golf trips a year. Cuz Trump Republicans and Fox are enormous fucking hypocrites. See their stance on deficits, trade and Russia as additional proof.
She's probably back in Slovenia with her parents, pouring over the prenup to see how much money she gets if there a child from the union.
"Is it SUPPOSED to be this small, Daddy?"  -Ivanka
Except none of that language is prsent in the bill.  The language stated that healthcare providers were legally obligated to inform the terminally ill patient what to expect as their death loomed closer and to disclose ALL treatment options.
Mad at China for telling their people to be wary of bad areas of a foreign city and its suspect denizens. 

Not mad at their city's suspect denizens for fostering this need to be wary. 

Mental gymnastics!
Had a plane crash and then lost at the polls to an independent, rounding off a memorable example of being incredibly crap at parliamentary elections. 

Gutted.
Does this mean they’re preparing to hang Mulvaney out to dry?
Jeez, 29 people to watch in the Romney family? You'd think the teabillies and tax refusers would be delighted that the Secret Service only has to guard the 4 Obamas, a Portugese whateveritis dog, and Michelle's mother.
Lots of unhappy brexiteers with simplistic  analogies here. 

Brexit is now so fundamentally damaged we need a decisive democratic moment to fix it. A second ref does that. 

The arguments are strong. Get on with it Corbyn. 
 
Because of how unlikely it is 

And I am old enough to remember George W Bush.
You have a point, a very good point.  Too bad we aren't on tv.
Yeah, there would be a lot more oil spills. Black clouds no, but the ozone would have been depleted and we would be getting skin cancer pretty quick. 
Dollars to donuts the people tasked with transcription meet an unfortunate end or are otherwise, "unavailable" for comment. Someone better at finding people should identify these people to make certain they're still alive and well.
We elected May's government on the Manifesto of implementing the result of the referendum (and Corbyns party too) and May made it crystal clear "No deal is better than a bad deal" - parliament made it clear her deal is bad - yet where is no deal now?
As an American I take no offense. We have our own problems of course (almost constant mass shootings, Trump, etc) but to see you all follow such an idiotic idea is disheartening.
I feel the same elation you do, but let's attempt to contain the schadenfreude a bit as there will likely be Kamala supporters coming in and browsing. Always be welcoming!
Well, she does influence millions which is much more than 500 so the trade-off is cheap
Is that really the most intelligent response you have here? Way to win mr ketchup\_pizza.
We've got a big fat fucking bone to pick with Nunes, my darling. In case he hasn't heard, we're sick and tired of trying.
"I came this morning and went to (inaudible)" 

*strike*

"Get to the ground"

"They fired (inaudible) at us."

"(Inaudible) in Hesîrkê, the first of february 2018."
Over worked guards falling asleep in the am hours doesnt seem like bullshit. Its not as complicated to hang urself with a sheet as youre trying to portray it. You just really really want there to be some kind of foul play involved.
Good copy.
Yeah, the thing is, they were pouring in here at 4:30AM EST.

I'm up that early to catch Sebastian Payne's Brexit podcast for FT, but I can't imagine that Trumpists are getting up at 4:30 AM to shitpost on reddit.


Because you were making a front of being unflappable and superior; it's always satisfying to burst that kind of bubble.  
Meanwhile, Trump is talking about dishwashers and light bulbs at his rally on the night the House voted to impeach. Sounds about right.
Gonna have to make a dive in freezing Ontario lake water to find all those guns if you are up for volunteering. It sucks I know, the damn boat was hard to control.
Incisive analysis mate.

&#x200B;

Stunning and brave.
The one man who could single handedly do something about this: Obama. His silence is deafening.
Pete also didn't have the $10M+ in startup capital that Bernie and Liz transferred over from past campaigns (where they accepted big donors by the way).  


After Pete's run for DNC chair, he donated all of his remaining campaign funds to downballot democrat candidates instead.
You have 168 hours a week to work with. If 40 are spent working and 56 are spent asleep you still have 72 hours left over to accomplish all these things. Literally just schedule your days and plan things out you fucking morons.
They should be, but half of the blowy-uppy toys got blown out of the sky back in 2014 and the other half is rusting away on the ground because cursed moskali won’t sell any spare parts and ancient advanced space-faring warp-capable civilization does not know how to build its own warplanes.
I'm normally a little wary of/reticent to just blindly fire off a Wiki link, but this one's actually not bad: [URL]
There is no satisfactory evidence to show bodily functions have an impact on personal preference. The preference shown by boys and girls for different toys or toy types can be entirely accounted for by socialisation.

And aside from sexual characteristics/strength/body mass I can't think of a difference in bodily functions between men and women.
There should be a tweet of it on Twitter but it says "This Tweet is unavailable." 

Do google search for the image and click where it says Karli Bonne
Welp, pack it up comrades. We can't argue with this impeccable logic.
You see brain damaged babies.

The GOP sees future republican voters.
Arkansan here. I’ve been trying to get a feel of who we’ll vote for, and I think Bernie might just pull it off (but I’m biased towards him so hard to say).
 People who aren't immediately concerned with the status of their SS check, food stamps, health care, housing subsidy, or even draft car

That is an enormous group of people you just wrote off, and the sad thing is, those people are totally used to being written off.
Russia isn’t free. Water is wet.
That's ridiculous logic. So the news (with their enormous global platform and resources) can say whatever they want about anybody, and the impetus is on the targeted individual to make time to go out there and defend themselves against libel/slander? Guilty until proven innocent?

I don't think so.
I really don't want this to become the norm.

It's about two decades too late, the Gingrich "Contract with America" was ultimately about making the Federal government non-functional and the American public said "sure, why not?" 
Ukraine's cool and all, Kiev's awesome, but that US lawyer is not your pal. Watch your back.
I hope all these people had a spotless record at 17, I know I didn't!

[URL] you try to rape someone at 17?
You're right I'm just going off what I hear white libs discuss hahaha they actually have no idea what their plan is and it's glorious
Its the tireless efforts of its people that make it so special...
Scalise:  Trump must be innocent - 600 new jobs in Pennsylvania! He couldn’t have predicated foreign aid on election interference! It’s not possible, look at the new Jobs!
Your reaction is perfect and proves my point thank you so much
Hard to be freaked out or surprised when every meme is boomer-tier. I was just pointing out the obvious.
Anybody hungry?
It’s hilarious how many leftists think Trump, Bush Jr, McConnell, Mueller and Paul Ryan are all on the same team. How did they miss a realignment this major? Are they just completely asleep at the wheel, or what? 
The reason behind is stance is that it's an unsolvable problem in a society unwilling to entertain ambiguity.
Obama was anything but spotless. Unless you are a fan of drone strikes killing civilians.
Do you also believe Dr. Pepper can fix broken bones?
Hot damn, that's pretty rough. And I can only imagine how expensive it is to ship *heavy* ammo.
A glance at his profile woulda told you everything you needed to know about this enormous douche.
This is what struck me. They make it crystal clear that there are zero intentions of fixing the problem of unwanted pregnancies and what happens to the poor babies that are born into terrible conditions.
Who the fuck brings 13 year old kids into this political shit show. Fuck that bitch.
obligatory twatter comments to the effect of "omg you have x panelist on/panel isn't weighted in my favour i'm not watching this show ever again!!!!1"

yes you are, you signalling douchebag
They usually call them "snug fit" or something like that

Who exactly defines what is "good?" What parts of today's government do you think are "good?" We've tried the big government thing out. It's not working. It's non-functional. Maybe it's time to scale down.
I wonder what Trump's credit rating [URL] he's hiding like a rat in that regard. 

At least these women have the intestinal fortitude to be transparent.
Brilliant meme! Can you provide a template for this? Thanks.
 a ragtag bunch of VC

With Russian and Chinese backing, months of guerilla training and a gigantic jungle to hide in.
Is this unique to this ~~sight~~ site.
I am a Canadian watching Pete very closely. Although I can't donate to his campaign, I just wanted to let you all know I am extremely happy and thankful to see all the donations pouring in! Keep it up! Best Wishes!
This hurt to read. Like everyone i know, fat, fit, skinny or what ever, at least *realizes* that exercise is good for the body.
Where's the proof they were Black Israelites?
Bribery is part of the "abuse of power"  


Him "being allowed to cheat" is also his abuse of power.
Only black machetes with certain features that make them military style assault weapons.  No one’s going to take your hunting machete,
A tiny minority using violence in his name will all but certainly wake the majority to respond in kind.  It'll end just like the last civil war, just much much shorter.
Then why would it be adequate for a gubernatorial race? 
Really like the part where Adam brings up how people react when a fact that is central to their identity is under attack. You know, like how "atheistic and confidant, alpha male" Joe Rogan reacts when Adam points out that women aren't hard wired to find him attractive.
Crystal clear quid pro quo
I take a drink to celebrate every abortion performed. I'm pretty tipsy right now!
Not even a small snack.
Monsanto's special blend of maize generously soaked in a bowl of creamy roundup.
They may not have a spotless record, but they sure can fry some rice! Holla!
As far as being involved in a blackface scandal, it amounts to the same thing. If ugly people are less likely to have photos of their blackface, then basically it means they are less likely to get involved in a blackface scandal
Yeah, even though it's seems impossible, it would be really cool if all the judges were centrists, which could swing either way in all cases. 

Surely a pipe dream, but it would be good, and restore my faith in law?
This is an excellent article.
Woke MSM reports that the ancient volcano identified as a white male.

"Old white dude, I knew it!" , exclaimed Brie Larson and Elizabeth Banks in unison.
Do you have anything to support the statement that this loosely organized group are "unrepentant advocates of blood soaked and murderous communism" other than what you've been fed?

And that last paragraph... Wow
It's dusty, dark, damp, & depressing in the basement.

#[The basket is much warmer.]([URL])
Pruitt **is** fucking the EPA. That's a *problem*. Republicans argue that the EPA is not efficient, so what do they do? Increase its efficiency? No. They make it completely non-functional.

This campier than an episode of *Captain Planet and the Planeteers*, but it's real fucking life.
Out loud laughter when seeing this
Ummm POTUS? Time to wake up sleepy Sessions?
I remember watching Saurez live when he did that. Unforgettable.
Impeccable.  Couldn't have done it better myself.
Universal healthcare probably wouldnt have saved him. People with flus have a 5-6 hour wait time right behind the ankle sprains. Most clinics arent even open weekends and if he was obese, they wouldnt have been able to catch it in time.

That said: sorry for your loss.
Don't worry.  They will all get "paid" before the election with a big fat "bailout"
Economics is the science of analyzing distribution problems in economies. If an economic principle can't solve a distribution problem, then it is tautologically implied that the distribution problem is unsolvable.
WE WON AND YOUR LEFTIST IDEOLOGY IS GOING EXTINCT!!!!!!
17 n words with hard r in the last 7 months. 

&#x200B;

Unlikely
1. You hate the prospect of making money, and would like to be broke and destitute your entire life.

2. You believe that Rafael is God incarnate and you must bow to his divine will, carried to you by his messenger, Crying Beck.

3. You are not a human.  Rubot Revolution.
Imagine being such a pasty white Internet dweller that you’re calling people “mate” even though you’re an American
What tradition / principle is that exactly? Thou shalt not peen thy man friend in the bootyhole? Good thing the church has a spotless record there. 
That's about Japan and not any kind of official policy more of a trend of recording unsolvable murders as suicides so detectives can save face.
And that book gave us Bart O'Kavanaugh.  Scholars for years have tried to crack the code of who this Bart was, but so far have come up empty handed.  An unsolvable riddle that will haunt us for eternity.
Ah the old “both sides are the exact same” argument. For many things they are one and the same. But overall welfare of the country suffers greatly under regressive conservative policies. They are blatant about it and don’t give a shit who suffers as a result
The slogan is the issue. And the fact he said it to cops isn't lost in me. Stop acting like you can't see the problem if having a slogan that was created in opposition to black protests, being used too speak to cops.
Texted my boss. I'm just starting to get tipsy.

"Hey, I'll probably be too fucked up to work tomorrow."
If he wakes Sleepy Jeff up
Fuck that exit poll is horrific...
I'm getting parched just reading about all this liberal salt.
I wish he would talk about these things if he get the chance to talk at all that is. The whole date last night was disgusting due to the fact that they keep going back to the top 3 especially Biden. I almost fell asleep listening to him talk so much 😂
Here we see a liberal pretending to care about the poor people of the world while advocating for a system that keeps them poor.
It seems former FBI Director Webster does not consider continual corrupt practices, and subversions to the Constitution, as "broken".
Totally hit that old hip and then double up on the replacement one..... Am I right?
Someone always says the quiet part out loud.
The pen was too small for gigantic hands
Honestly, you don’t know how to take that, since you have no clue if he was bragging or just trying to take credit for everything.  


He’s clearly a gigantic piece of shit, but with crap like this, I’m seriously doubting he’s a criminal genius.
The deep state has us bent over.
But you can vote once every 4 years so 100% fine.

Yeah you can get elected more then twice so what? No power hungry people here at all
If people are unhappy with this rule, they are more than welcome to get a job, earn money and immigrate elsewhere.
omg this is freaking gold. woke my dogs Up I started laughing so hard, perfect!!
Ah shit I forgot the time that someone drove their truck down all the small hallways and cramped classrooms of a high school. Surely trucks are an unsolvable issue that metal bollards can't stop. May as well do nothing then since we'll only reduce the number of killed and not prevent deaths totally. Shucks 
And people are trying to gas light us, saying "he ran as a moderate" which was always bullshit
I'm really kind (94%) and basically the best redditor ever. You're pretty good, too!
Al Franken, the only one who could rattle Ann Coulter while remaining unflappable. God, I miss those days. 
If you look at [Hobson’s other writings]([URL]), especially those about the Boer War, you’ll see he pretty explicitly means the Jews.
I'll bet she did it out of being chubby and ugly and needing to hurt someone, anyone, to punish the world for it.  A black woman in a white world makes an easy, presumably defenseless target.
That’s funny coming from the party who bought trump jr’s book because daddy president told them to. And president rump refused to send aid to the Ukraine. But no it’s the Biden’s who work with Russia. /s
As long as President Trump keeps handing Democrats wet noodles I will support them throwing them at the wall.
Nasty? What context have I missed? Oh... She opposed him 3 years ago lol

Many ways to peel an orange I guess
Boris Johnson was allowed to be interviewed by Marr despite the Andrew Neil cowardice specifically to address the murder of this man's son. He went onto Marr and did his usual rambling about getting Brexit done. Yeah this man is correct to be angry at Boris.
To say that women haven't held enormous amounts of power is both sexist and extremely insulting to women's intelligence and competence.
Hot take: Beto won't announce he is running for president

Scalding take: Beto won't do that because he is going to announce he is running for Veep jointly with Joe Biden's presidential campaign
Yeah, I'd agree with that. If their corporate culture is this obviously leftist, you're going to be miserable there constantly.
British white or Spanish white? Or French or Russian white? Please do go on about skin melanin content and it's nuanced historical relevance. Oh and correlating, so very scientific and articulate. Clearly skin color alone is the culprit in history.
All that firepower is useless in Yemen, they still have to send ground forces (which the US exhausted itself of) to hold any territory which the houthis would like nothing better so they can kill the people responsible for genociding their country. 
##**WOW, MUCH RARE!**
So that's why he's called Sleepy Joe.
I wouldn't call what's going on now "keeping it under wraps". There's so much blatant, obvious corruption pouring out of everything the Trump administration touches that it's overwhelming.
Depends on how you measure it.  If you include Ancient Persia and all of her successor states, then Iran wins by a slight margin.  Only needed 4,000 more years of history to pull that off though.
Right, except the rape allegations against Clinton are abundant and have existed for decades. But I guess in your twisted little universe where you just tap your foot and everything becomes what you decide it is I'm a Russian and the Clintons are spotless angels. 

What an utter moron.
Aww but it’s okay!  A hyuuuge amount of ugly old white Floridians think he’s a god!
Shame a few million people will become destitute or die before it gets the support needed to happen.
also, if Murray was just an honest scientist trying to prove unpopular theories, he wouldn’t be making himself a part of right-wing political movements. It’s very transparent what Murray’s actual intentions are
This is akin to giving a tall person, an average-height person, a child, and a wheelchair user exactly the same make of bike suited to an average-height person and them telling three of the four to stop complaining about the bike not fitting their needs, it was free.
Unfortunately, compassion *is* a scarce resource. And I have more important people to distribute compassion to than some libertarian shithead.
Freedom is not free.  There are certain costs like a lower level of security.  This is an acceptable transfer.
Even MAGA hat fans gotta be asleep 
Me&posting unintentional pompous pasta while tipsy

NAMID
 Is this subreddit just anti-capitalism, ultra-socialist? I’m pretty much a socialist myself but there’s a limit...

I can't help myself. I need to know.

So, how much of a socialist are you if r/SelfAwarewolves is "ultra-socialist" for you?
liberal media is so boring

luckily with streaming we can ignore them and watch past shows or other non-cucked content

get fucked losers
Ya just got banned from r/botchedsurguries for something similar but when I asked why u/dmaJY replied with basically for me to calm down its one [URL]
Don't know about electable. But he's way more palatable, imo. For sure a member of the establishment and all the nasty that brings, but at least he's not a double-barrelled crook like Hillary.
It's utterly ridiculous that some people think you can't be racist towards white people. I don't know where they get that idea.
shifting goalposts 

No. I specified warlords from the beginning. 

defined unsolvable problem

Just unsolvable in an anarchic paradigm. 

PS Mises Institute answers this question simply by saying that humans aren't evolved enough. 
They don't care about being quiet anymore because they've realized that there are never any consequences for their criminal behavior.
All conservative voters hear is “Rudy Giuliani is transparent.”
Even if we didn't win Utah I'd still be delighted if McMuffin took it from Trump.
Yea i understand the compassion in medicare for all, pay for it without raising taxes thought is impossible. So its a non started for me bub.
If I'm wrong oh well, but it's hard to seriously think the dude will keep his nose clean until the election.
There won't be hungry people. That's ridiculous.
Not fair. A little tipsy and a taco bowl sounds amazing right now. 
Trump barely won in 2016, stop being so scared of trump. He won because the Dems ran the least liked person in American politics
remember sirens are hideous monstrosities up close... they lure you in and merc you before you even know wtf happened.  Accurate, me thinks
he wasn't a racist. he was however a shitty mediocre president who signed the worst amnesty bill ever.
Sadly you aren't going to be able to save the gorgeous architecture. They'll gut Europe's cathedrals just like they did to Hagia Sophia and turn them into mosques if not outright destroy them. It makes me upset just thinking about it.
 its not a sexual identity, its just a fetishistic preference

When it's real. I suspect that in most cases, calling oneself "sapiosexual" is just a pretentious way of saying you don't find fools attractive.
It isn’t attractive to the average American... it is the bottom 30%
A victim of the hungry hungry hippocampus
Given how unflappable she seems in interviews, I would not be surprised if this was true.  Though Trump better watch out if her eyes start turning orange - that might not be a reflection.
Seriously?  I watched the video several times.  I never heard him until Obama stopped and said something. 

After the reaction from President Bush getting shoe thrown at him, which liberals rejoined, I am literally stunned an inaudible comment invoking this large of a deal. 
She hates men, too.

And puppies.

Actually that’s a lie, she finds puppies delicious.
For a special price, Bezos will enter your bedroom for the unforgettable experience of getting anal probed by an alien. 
Ive been saying this since those so-called debates. I'd really like to know why their own words are not being plastered all over the TV.
Hilarious since Obama isn't white and he picked Biden. 

Anyway, idc who it is so long as it isn't the talking yam.
That is a nasty way to re-educate someone’s organs.
Spoken with true wisdom. I’m tired of this whole “sports team politics”
Yeah--you're committing a few fallacies here.

1. The nirvana fallacy.
2. False dichotomy
3. Hasty generalization
4. Naturalistic fallacy
5. Faulty analogy

I want to agree with you, but you're making it real hard.
Or let it happen, then gradually let them realise when the working class towns they live in become literal sess pits of unemployment, drugs, crime and poverty. Not sure which will be more satisfactory.
Excellent podcast on this topic

[URL]
That’s right! Only Jews/Israel are allowed to meddle and interfere in our elections.
Right, so you have no evidence. Two guys near each other so I must know what they're saying. Brilliant analysis.
I'm looking forward to three days from now when this kid's face isn't plastered all over this sub.
Then you haven't driven through large swaths of the West.
I guess it's good bad for you
Obviously they've just been brainwashed by Patriarchy!

Unlike brave and stunning feminists who aren't at all just useful idiots of Marxist dirtbags!
Good, as much as we all want a showy trial, let's move on from all this RIDICULOUS BULLSHIT and let Barr and Durham to the dirty work.
And that he was in a prison run by Trump's DOJ when he didn't kill himself. The guards who "fell asleep" were essentially Trump's employees. The cameras that "broke" were Trump's responsibility ultimately.
I actually have a mate who owns several cafes who is very supportive of a revenue tax. it would be hardly different from the gst from both a consumer and administrative viewpoint and would even the playing field. small businesses can't compete with tax avoiding large corporations
African Americans aren't a random sampling of Africans, I think, so won't be exactly representative. 

They were selected for, though largely for physical gifts I'd assume. Maybe there was a correlation between physical prowess and cognitive ability? Doesn't ring true to me but maybe possible.
Exactly... the silence is deafening 
All those illegal votes pouring in!
He is on he way to be the most memorable bit of this whole shit-show over here on mainland Europe.

I can hear "oodahh!" echoing through the households from Cyprus to the Azores for decades to come. 

That would certainly not be the worst outcome. 

Best wishes across the channel!
That’s a Problem with with a lot of political thought some people want to try to create the perfect ideology that will solve all problems when that is impossible.
They're scared of the boog
Maybe my humor didn't come through correctly. I was trying to say politicians are more useless than inaudible thoughts (prayers) directed to nowhere.  I was knocking on politicians not propping them up.
Florida school bus bullies pummel 14-year-old boy over Trump hat 

According to his mother, and only his mother, as reported on by the Daily Heil, Daily Wire, and a few other sites with very low reliability ratings.
I mean thought leader in that he has a large following who look to him for advice/opinions on politics. It's why he is invited on news programs, political conferences, [Joe Rogan]([URL]) etc.
I'm not necessarily disagreeing with you. I'm just saying that it's unkind to further upset this poor guy with political grandstanding. It also undermines the weight of your argument.
Yes, it's still there. It wasn't percentage based though. Neanderthals were extremely xenophobic and had many problematic worldviews, which is why they went extinct. I choose not to identify as one because of the patriarchal society I am assuming they advocated for. 
Actually if the USA had any balls,the USA would already have this fat prick in prison and deciding his fate by lynching,but the USA has no more balls anymore their congress and the people are scared shitless of this chubby little twat,,just don’t get it.
We're all pretty tired of Gym Jordan using his platform to tell flagrant lies.
This is what two gigantic self-hating cucks look like.
Holy shit dude.

My worst blackout story is like...I drank too much and somehow found my way to bed and fell asleep.
Dude is literally named Odin. He sounds like a more than adequate leader.
well lets hope it doesn't deteriorate too fast, the refugee crisis has greatly ebbed and Spain takes most of the blows now. I doubt the SD would go full open borders though, the Finns are already high up on the polls and if things worsen it could give them 30-35% in the next election
Obama being radical left (or "like the radical left") is the most ridiculous thing you can say. 

Not one, not one of his policies is satisfactory to anyone on the far left. Do you even know any leftists? What's a "far left" position for you?
Same reason they want to higher the minimum wage. A few more bucks to Walmart employees but more stores open up where the small businesses couldn’t afford their employees anymore.
Politics is way too angry and riled up. Marr has to pander to his audience
Our queen has impeccable tastes in scientists!
Great Grandfather,Ali Kemal [URL] with Sultan,wrote nasty pieces of columns against Atatürk in Independence war,got lynched and killed at the end of the war.
The way it would have occurred naturally without the uniparty & Wall Street devilishly devising this scenario to import cheap labor in the 80’s! Maybe earlier?
You have examples of forced labor and execution at detention centers in America? 

If you have to use the phrases thin and dogwhistle-ey, do you really think thats a strong point? As opposed to the rhetoric of Hitler specifically and overtly aimed at a whole race of people based on who they were born as?
That doesn’t look like a clean room, Bucko!
And medicare and social security for her grandma, and cleanish water, clean air, roads to travel on, police and fire [URL]
You ever play Bioshock 2?

There's a point where you see through a Little Sister's eyes. All of the death, destruction, fear, blood, etc is replaced with flowers and clean curtains and happy sleeping angels.

I think it's kind of like that.
yeah thanks i get it. but a simple google search will tell you that ICE was formed in 2003 amid fears of mid-east terrorists sneaking into the country & that over the years ICE has been twisted to go after minority hispanic groups instead.
How can you be the VPOTUS while also lobbying for one of the most corrupt nations on the planet?

Now Sleepy Joe wants to be POTUS?
Twisted and pulled through ultra liberal conspirator bias. Ok lol
Oh my God it was hilarious watching Romney backpedal on that one!  "Uh, it was the right thing for the state, but would never work on the federal level."  Lmfao!
What makes me miserable is adult children, can you think of anything not in the context of children’s programming? You’re an adult ffs.
Calm your tits guys I made a joke
Except he didn't say you should be killed. 

He said terrorists (if you choose to admit that you are one, that's up to you) should face justice.

Why are you scared of justice?
That shit evaporates quick. You wouldn’t be wet long
Personally I prefer to dry my hands on baby seal fur but not many places provide that option.
The strategy of *The Big Lie* involves **never** admit wrongdoing, under any circumstances, **always** spin. This is the modern evolution of that, *The Assault of Constant Lies*.
door #4 has already been opened, or at least set ajar by michael bloomberg who in effect stated that everyone knows he's not really a billionaire as well as a scam artist.
Haha.  Dreaming of chomping down on some delicious turkey legs.
Yeah I don’t trust any of them either. 

Also, what’s this big cow lube thing you seem so obsessed with?
Bwahahaha it’s so classically low budget BBC that they have to literally pull up the tiles to get the map done
While this is indeed true, I advise Democrats to be wary of conformism: only through hard work and collective organization will the Democratic Party be completely free of corporate influence - and If mankind needs something right now, is precisely being able to make collective decisions without private and corporate interests poisoning the discussion.
They've been fed easy to regurgitate catch phrases that make them feel good. Thinking is difficult for them but reproduction is not. [URL] ended up here.
imo all the ass kissing the GOP do is because they are legit scared of Trump's mental state.
You have any idea how financially difficult that is? I make near 6 figures in a rural community, and there's no way we'd make it on just my income.
Cute, chubby, and spicy. Just how I like it.
After giving adequate warning, sure why not
He is arguably the person most responsible for making America's political system divided and non-functional.
Won't someone think about the poor rich kids?
You’re quite right.

I meant corrupt, corpulent fuckstick.

A lardbucket of larceny.

An obese amoral coward.

Better? I think that’s better.
Trump supporters are vile pieces of dogshit and I hope their miserable lives end knowing they supported this human cancer.
Agreed on the first point.

Not sure I could get work as a stripper.

Unless there's a market for chubby bald men in nothing but sneakers. :|
The lack of logic is stunning. Sounds just like the Q true believers.
This enormous woman will destroy us all!
Smug and snug. Who else comfy? 
This is unsettling . Where did you see this? First time I've heard of them openly talking about destabilization 
Jon Stewart would be the kind of President who'd be capable of making the difficult decisions that would make us hate him in the future.
Coming from no-drama-Obama, Captain Unflappable, the fact he responded with anything other than a well deserved and righteous laugh is big news.
Oh man, I *love* Soylent!

Original: The most aggressively bland food ever. 2/5

Vanilla: Tastes like coffee creamer. I mix it with tea and call that a meal. 4/5

Cacoa: Somewhere between chocolate milk and protein shake. Very tasty, very filling. 5/5
Those starving migrant children who dont even have shoes are really scary, arent they? It's an emergency!
I think the end of my presidency is more memorable, but it is just reported he said that. We have video footage of him saying “I don’t do cover-ups”
I'm not the guy with the man-crush on the little dictator. Check your small handed Orange Lightbulb Man, he's the one that get's all weak in the knees when his sweetheart sends him love letters.
It was just an Alabama game. LSU forgot to show up lol... 

Obligatory "Go Gators!"
We don't know they haven't been officially announced.

If we extrapolate from the requirements from debates 1+2 to debates 3+4 we should expect something like 300,000 unique donors and 5% polling in 5 polls.
Got to wonder when these clowns will get fed up defending every idiotic, unplanned, irrational and spur of the moment thing this POTUS does. He's pure chaos, went off script today because his narcissism wouldn't allow him to keep quiet.
Yea, his own wet pants, frequently soaked with yellow fear..
He has, but my problem with Yang's way of saying it doesn't stick as hard is my version because this new way of framing it covers ALL problems people are facing beyond the necessity of a UBI.
I am not "defending this president".  I am willing to accept certain things if it means a securing the Judiciary.
Read you last statement out loud
What's going on with the Chubby Funster's face? Stroke?
I watched it. It's hilarious how unflappable Schiff was on Tucker's show with Tucker yelling at him ...
Unforgettable -- it was at Bernie Sander's commune.  

It was indelible on the hippy campus.
You jest but these are all things that the punk rock movement has literally been encouraging since the 70s. Defying traditional norms goes along with these. It's not edgy or unique to uphold the status quo lmao
Ironic considering that nearly every morning I wake up to an anti-Trump meme from this sub on the front page that’s 6-8 hours old and was posted and upvoted while the majority of Americans are asleep.
he has dementia. they can't allow him to debate with an open mic
Yes. Have an asian couple next door. Their yard is spotless. They are also great neighbors.
It is impossible to be a billionaire without exploitation. Musk isn't a quirky goon who happens to be rich and he isn't a real life Tony Stark. He's just another delusional privileged exploiter who thinks he's a hero.
Very much so! Never mind the ugly bird killing stupid windmills, NUCLEAR is the future, and we need brains in those fields.
"peace officers"  

the ones who used dogs to attack protestors, aimed water cannons at protestors in freezing weather, and lobbed a grenade at a protestor who almost had to have her arm amputated bc of it?  
I get that but the article still only explains how a combination of inaudible sound waves could result in some audible sound, and not in any way how that could result in illness. 
By sucking their souls till they fall asleep?
I appreciate how calm Yang is
Stop being poor !!!

;Republicans
You're really bad with facts.  He's the most impeachable president in history.   The offense is crystal clear and irrefutable.
I don't really care about whether right-wingers live or die, but my guess is they're successful because they uphold patriarchy: white, thin, meek, abled, wealthy, Christian, quiet in mens' presence, fond of slutshaming, etc.
Sounds good till you have to eat the family dog for dinner cause you’re starving
Trying to finish what Trump started in Ukraine.

Best outcome is they stay focused on Biden until the last possible moment, then he fails to be nominated.
and the lib dems supporters said I was silly to be wary of voting lib dem because they may back the [URL] never happen they assured me....

Face it lib dems, under swinson you are the tories.
If you read it while picturing the Tick's voice, it is a little more palatable.
Cool! I agree. This is them , right? [URL]
Hes a malevolent piss golem and every patriotic citizen in this country will do every single thing possible to undermine his urine soaked authority.

With Watergate it was crystal clear that a crime was committed from day one.  There is no crime here.  Oh, you can stretch this statute and that statute, but it's no crime.  Don't take my word for it.  Take a [Harvard professor's]([URL]).
Read [the whole judgment]([URL]) it is crystal clear and impeccably logical.
I genuinely don't understand why these degenerates are even still alive. They're fucking miserable all the time, always.
but thin blue means only one thing
I'm not your fucking wet nurse chav...
Sadly, all this will all be gone when the computers all go.

The whole thing will be a mystery.  "We just woke up with no idea how we got here on this dying planet with depleted resources and ten trillion empty liquor bottles!"
What is driving him? 

Chasing fame? Annoyed with his party? Personal beef?

Integrity?
Excellent, well done to the Lib Dems for facilitating a Tory government again. :/
Even destitute!
 had 8 boilers  

8 fucking boilers? What the bloody hell for?  
Did he have some weird-ass medical condition due to which he had to be kept in scalding hot water all day long?
Of course ... this old story line who cares about 0.2-0.5 of the population 

Special interest group that demands special attention and benefits 

And let’s it self be used to spread right wing lies
I think Trump is the only actual Billionaire running this year. Though the Clinton's together are worth around $80 mil. And Sanders is downright destitute compared to them at a net worth of $700k.
Typo, supposed to read "*tactically* obese".
Yea I dont understand why bs like that is even allowed. The GOP knows they have to cheat and suppress voters to win in certain places. I bet if democrats started purging votes they would put a stop to that.
From the headline alone, I thought you were asking some of the remaining non-workers if THEY wanted a job... My mistake. It is early and maybe my sleepy subconscious was talking too loud.
Just to make bills I usually forgo eating for about a week a month. I'm actually starting to get unhealthy skinny. 
Really? Do you have a link on that? After being stumped by the behavior of the leader of a political party in the lower house, I can't wait to be annoyed by them again.
It's as though a house fell on top of him, and he walked out the front door, his glasses would be ajar like that. And his teeth would be inexplicably replaced with working piano keys.
I don't think it's possible.... My bad.
Those some chubby fingers
People can be as angry as they want. I’m just tired of seeing the virtue signaling. People gotta keep it to themselves.
Great! The more unique audiences see Andrew the better. Hopefully it's a decent size interview.
I just noticed the tiny hands at the top of the cartoon.  Made me laugh!
oh yeah that is kinda funny lol. reasonable burn. bet one of his kids thought of it first.

 i cant help but see trump as a mean girl though, picking and picking and when its done to him he cant handle it.
They literally argued in court that they did not owe the voters a fair primary, and DWS literally resigned as a result of the scandal.   Your argument here is pretty silly.
I generally don't waste a whole heck of a lot of effort on self-righteous neoliberals, tbh. The precious, pearl-clutching lectures are all pretty much the same.
Shouldn't this have been posted to r/animals?   Because that scene at the end with his dog is unforgettable.
Anybody who unironically uses the phrase "orange man bad" is clearly an intelligent, reasonable individual worth talking to.
History will be unkind to the Baby Boomer generation and Christian Fundamentalists who largely elected Trump.
I hate this guy as much all of you, but the difference is pretty obvious. Contraception enables non-procreative sex for fully functional people. Viagra enables sex for non-functional males. Including for procreation. 
*Doesn’t clean dead shit for 30 years*

“But the dead brush is habitat!”
Right so the moral of the story is be wary when voting for people with human flesh because they might murder all of us
Hilarious how bad the optics are for them. Law professions saying "Yeah Trump fucked up" and immediately after they go

&#x200B;

"Uuuuh can we do this later?"
They already have.  They already live in a hell of their own making where they are persecuted and miserable because they believe everything Fox News tells them
But wouldn;t we rather appeal to working class nonvoter POC, who have way more on the line than white moderates?
Trump supports it because he can't think for himself. I'd be damned if he thought anything besides, "Oh it makes the gun inaudible"
but this is synagogue is the prettiest of all ancient synagogues
Gorgeous ty for posting.
spotless van, oh the horror
You just reminded me of sleepy doc. I wonder how he is. He doesn’t get much coverage.
It's listed that way in transcripts, but I'm not getting that from the CSPAN or CNN audio (which seem to be the same): [URL]

It starts about 7 seconds in. It's pretty inaudible.


You obviously do not understand simple logical fallacies but it's ok, you clearly have bought into this Russia conspiracy that it muddles you thought process.
Also, no one was even discussing Russia until you were called out with your ignorant and faulty logic. Plz try harder next time. 
Oh please, a trans person arrested for sexual misconduct in a bathroom is the exact type of fodder the right craves.  It would be plastered everywhere and they would constantly be bringing it up to push their agenda.
nope they will fuck it all up as usual. This is what they should do but they will instead bloviate and put America to sleep and get wrecked by Republicans in the Senate because for all the treason those Republicans know how to fucking fight dirty. The Dems are so useless
Did you read the links?  No one even knew Obama when the ammunition started to become scarce.  The reasons had no relation to politics.  Scarcity caused hording afterward.  How soon people forget. How ill-informed they remain.
People have a bad habit of over rating how attractive they are. 5 is average 6 is slightly above and 7 is attractive. Also how good were your pics? Dudes also suck at picking the right pics that display that they are a cool dude that women want to be with.
Is [this]([URL]) a large enough sample size for you guys?
till you're the morbidly obese/terminally ill 80 year old down the street and private insurance refuses to cover you, perfect example of conservative charity, its disgusting and evil, till I need it. 
I cannot imagine a president taking out his iPhone and taking a picture during a security briefing and then TWEETING  it out to the world. It’s crazy.  He has to be Putin’s puppet. He just is hell bent on ruining us all.
I would be in the group that is now doing better then I was in 2008, but it is only because of an inheritance.  If it was not for that, I would have no money for retirement and no significant money saved for a rainy day. 
Morals. The enormous waste of money in government for war and welfare. Anti- communist, libertarian, traditional values, law, order. Elitist?
Honestly in a true debate about policy proposals and qualifications, a damp rag could beat Trump.
Obviously a cake as proven. It goes hard when old.
Cool. I'm not trying to pick a fight. I know moderating isn't easy. I just think unless the content is hateful, why not let the upvotes/downvotes determine organically what is shown on the sub's front page? We have far fewer posts per hour than most discussion subs.
Hi there. I believe you've already posted this once and the team opted to remove it. Please do not repost removed content.

In this case, the submission is being removed because it is not primarily about Bernie Sanders.
Up vote for all the chubby chasers out there.
 2012, passing this sort of legislation in less than two years is hard. 

[URL] negotiating an entire trade deal with the EU in under a year is a certainty?
i guess they can jump hundreds of miles to get to the warzones since they are not allowed to be used on site

[URL]
That can't be right... Jesus is the sticker you put next to your thin blue line Punisher skull sticker.
Yeah they can follow the law but we both know that things are not that black and white. Our entire constitution is open to interpretation. Why do you think we have some many debates about it?
My 🅿️ is always crystal clear, like mountain 💧🏔 fresh 🅱️ydration juice
Yes. They'll have 30 years' experience as a senior journalist. They'll have contacts in the highest echelons of power. They'll be unflappable even when the studio crashes 40 seconds before air.

Right.
Impeachable looks too similar to Impeccable
How tone deaf do you have to be to think shouting over a black community leader and telling them they're not the right kind of black person is the right thing to do?
Hey same here man. The bottom line is that people are not satisfied right now. I can sleep knowing most people are unhappy with the way this shit went. Love these redditors for fighting the good fight and making our voices be heard. 

Except everyone who unironically visits TheDonald. Screw them.
You think he becomes cognizant when drunk?

Maybe that's why he doesn't drink.
I assume a coordinated effort from multiple sides. Hang out here overnight when the UK are asleep and its just Americans who think they're Irish talking to bots and t_d'ers. It gets real bleak real fast around 2am.
They will. And Louisville will pull its usual stunt and wait to turn in its vote counts until western Kentucky has turned in most of its count. They're very dirty.
ohhh dirty pool
I'm picturing a dumbwaiter cabinet door ajar with Jim's arms extending outward to delicately grasp a plate of tendies.  Ol' Jim always found a shortcut.

I'd 'shop it if I had time

Edit: [Aw, hell]([URL])
Having sex with Manaforts brain damaged wife.
Hats on too tight cuts off circulation
Sorry I should not joke about is to soon and dark since u killed u're turtle 😔
Calm down Joker.
Funny, how the cons cried about that during the Mueller probe..
He missed on "Trump landslide," but he deserves respect for calling it for Trump in 2015 vs. pretty much everybody else. His book Win Bigly is invaluable for understanding Trump. He's a cartoonist so consistently funny for so long that he's filthy rich. He deserves a big ego.
On a pile of money soaked in the tears of the poor
Welcome to the race Sleepy Joe!
I feel like we - humanity - are about take a new turn in terms of economic systems and political systems. We are going to have to strengthen, or at least alter, our democracies AND dismantle our faulty capitalist systems. 
This "all people who disagree with me are thick" is ridiculous and I cannot be bothered to discuss it.
Stunning and Brave!
I think that's a slight misstatement. One might think that it meant freezing property tax RATES, when it actually meant freezing property tax PAYMENTS.
 Can someone explain why the left DESIRES children raise their risk of suicide.

Misery loves company.  Leftists are generally very miserable people so they seek to make more miserable people for them to share their misery with.
The best part is that every so often a lefty will make a legitimately funny meme. When this special unicorn occurs we take it and make it our own!
Also acceptable places for this dogshit is r/conservative.  Christ I'm tired of this garbage.
I cannot upvote this enough. To suggest that people in Ontario doesn’t pay enough taxes is just ridiculous. Cut through the waste in government before raising taxes
It's a rainy day and the first lady wears sunglasses like some Hollywood star hiding from paparazzi.

edit: looks chic with the skinhead jacket. 
It was a clever play on a name that was relevant to the topic.  Funny that the former nude model is more upset over that than her fat piece of shit husband raw dogging a porn star.
But when it inevitably turns into a poverty stricken, filthy, uneducated, vanilla ISIS type fiefdom, we’re going to need a wall to keep them out.
Unflappable? Come on
They don’t see certain human beings as equals, to start. We’re dealing with a mental disease that prevents human cooperation.
It was supposed to be mathematically correct my point was his chances of repeating that are tiny and it shouldn't be held up as an example of what will happen next time.
Is scarcity really the reason? And IP sure is scarce if we consider creation as part of the property. I've heard arguments for private property that do not depend on it being scarce.



Well now we know just how gigantic and blatant something needs to be before he understands it
Wow, a reddit nutter.  How unique.
One of the most memorable lines in gaming, for some reason....
The mighty state administration should be worried that amidst such tight military and communication ‘bandobust’, how did Geelani Sahab managed to get an email sent? Reshmi Roomaal Redux?
Silly kid. We are talking about rich people here. Oh you did say “IF”. So you might get the idea.
Well yea, that is why I asked people.  It really appears that most are simply okay with it being a subjective personal matter whether or not it is okay to shoot a bunch of cops.

That doesn't strike me as satisfactory.  
The Silence Is Deafening.

What you mean apart from the half dozen other times I've seen this story on reddit?  And I haven't even been on the site much lately.
They'll still be elected because they have the lying propaganda machine known as Fox News to keep their entire voter base in the dark.
You got triggered quick. I’m sorry that the fact that the powers that be shut down dissent and discussion over the official story of 9/11 has got you bent, but it has nothing to do with Trump and everything to do with NORAD.
Jo Swinson, in the rubble at no10, desperately dragging her broken and burned body towards the nuclear-football - just out of reach   

"my only regret... is I died... without killing millions more"
 "This is what racism looks like."

Yeah, everyone knows that. Democrats and most rational-thinking independents know it and are disgusted. Republicans and less-rational-thinking independents know it and are delighted.
I don't believe that though. Lots of people were aware and even actively participating, whether it was for money or some idiotic sense of compassion.
White people have the most unique defining physical charactaristics. If you think all white people, blonde, brown, ginger, black, etc hair colours with different eye colours and a large intermingling of ethnicities, then what is she saying about black people? She must think they're all one person.
No the supreme court cannot function  perfectly well at 8 members. Ties stay with the federal appellate court ruling and no precedent is set. That is the definition of a non-functional supreme Court.
It's intentional and likely something her campaign has advised her to do.  Show some sass, get a good soundbite, relate with common people.  She's a very accomplished and intelligent woman but her personality doesn't connect with people very well.
Dumbass. Let's hope he finds if very difficult to wear a badge again. People like this cannot be trusted.
Also causes hideous birth defects 
  A lot of the dark blue states are politically dominated by a few big cities but have large swaths of deep red in between.

I'm guessing Oregon is an exemplar. A few farmers and loggers outnumbered by Portland, Corvallis and Eugene.
the man should be in court for the systematic murder of the poor, sick and disabled .. not given and honour

this country is fucked
This is his fascist wet dream.
The thing is, homeless people actually came out of their mothers' wombs, likely of consequence to the mother. It's almost as if they want poor people to carry children to term in order to infinitely widen the classes.
You tentatively walk to the front door of this house and enter as the door is is slightly ajar. 

is is

Aha.

Close ISIS back please
Maybe not all, but a large majority. It would take quite a specific situation for them to comply with orders like "oppress the civilians and take their property".
My post wasn't even unkind that's the wild part they just refuse to give statement's on their thoughts because they can't just admit they are puppets? That they were wrong? I just don't understand and it's frustrating
That's an excellent point and I think that Monica was vilified for circumstances in which she was really a victim of abused power, though I think I can safely say this argument was not part of his impeachment (could be wrong).
That's something both sides agree on. 

That's a funny way of saying neither. Just remember us lowly citizens aren't on a "side" were live stock to the political class.
30mm.  30mm x 173mm Depleted uranium (One of the heaviest metals on earth), and HE, mixed.

It's not just the best sounding gun.  It's the best gun, period.
Her new book Blowout is excellent btw and helps to explain a lot Russia’s current motivations.
"Nobody can be hungry if there is nobody to be hungry."   -AI in the future, probably
Same! It's quite a delicious irony. When we started there were big letters saying "build the wall", and we're doing exactly that :)
It’s funny to see Dems try to play both sides. 

If the jobs numbers are down, they claim it’s Trump’s fault. 

If the jobs numbers are up, they claim it’s because of Obama. 

Consistency isn’t a thing with Democrats.
Yeah... and have private nuclear industry companies always had spotless business ethics with federal money?

I’ll answer my own question: [URL]
Needs a nsfw... 

Poor babies
How hard is it to understand that nobody is going to starve and that the school system provides free education and transportation? How hard is it to understand that if you aren't capable of meeting the satisfactory grade, then you will be evaluated? Read the bill please. Then lets have a discussion.
 So what am I suppose to feel mediocre? 

me irl
what's the big deal? It's just a joke. JEEEZ.

EDIT I guess my reference to right-wingers saying terrible shit then calling it a "joke" was too subtle.
Yeah but c'mon, is he really that thin skinned?
Most gun owners do too!  We’re just wary of ‘gun control’ that’s a backdoor to confiscation, or making us felons.  
It's hilarious. I've never seen so many men look so weak and unprepared to make a convincing argument
Also must keep mouth ajar, look very concerned, flash puppy eyes and form a sentence from "But + nonsense + stawman".
The start of the statement:  [URL]


Start of media questions:  [URL]

CNN asking an inaudible question and then the response:  [URL]
In fact this is a classic case of the horrors of not allowing euthanasia she asked for it and when they denied her she died a horrific death of starvation instead of a quick and easy euthanasia
It’s hard to slot people and policies into our right/left or conservative/socialism system. Judge a policy by how you feel and think not by where it fits. 

Canada has a lot of progressive conservatives including myself which means we like low taxes and small government but support social change.
 Warren is very cold and comes across like an irritating Ivy League professor.

I don't think you've seen her on the stump. *Cold* is the last word that I would think of. She's remarkably open and sweet.
I know you are just copying the article verbatim, but it's hilarious to read the article talking about capitalism only for the website to interrupt with ads every 4 paragraphs.
excellent work , may they flourish as a network
Yang says this ... and it’s true:  It’s nearly impossible to teach someone financial literacy when they have no money.
New Yorkers have known who this guy is for a long time.  He plastered his name all over anything he could, whether he actually owned the building or any real stake in it.  The guy is P.T. Barnum.
They aren’t poor because they have a Labour MP, they’re poor because there’s no industry left there. It was all mining.
She'll drive like all asian women: face plastered to the windshield, eyes wider than saucers with mouth fully agape, all while speeding, tailgating, and making sudden lane changes.

Lock me up libtards.
The Matrix, Looper, Old Boy (korean version), Brick, Mad Max: Fury Road, Edge Of Tomorrow, Idiocracy, Dark Knight all much better. The Joker was mediocre at best imo, basically taxi driver with clowns and sjw nonsense.
I worked for ten years as a plumber before I finished my undergrad and masters degrees and became a scientist. Compared to actual work "studying" is a fucking joke. So comfy and snug, while others labor to provide you with clothing, food and shelter. You're an entitled piece of shit.
Because the crime occurred in Ukraine. The Burisma investigation should be finished, and if corruption was clearly at play than a DOJ investigation would/should open up into Biden.
All Theresa May needs is for enough voters to find the EEA option palatable.

[URL] key marginals.

No chance.
So according to you socialized forests are being clear cut and depleted while privately owned forests are being managed. 
Worse because he said it, tis now cannon. “The President said it” carries weight. It is accepted by his base as a solid foundation to build even more bullshit. 

Just like “Dems won because of illegals” is now an unflappable starting point for any right wing comment section. 
Depends which strain if the far left. The intersectional one does. The hardcore socialist utopia one does not. It’s rare to find a moderate liberal willing to, which makes people like Steven Pinker stand out.
Have you ever watched filthy Frank? I think it's the best YouTube channel on the site. It has nothing to do with this post I just think everybody should watch him
This was excellent!
Not saying it's good that they [URL] at least it helps us know they exist.... 

The first step towards any type of healing. 
 So maybe there's still hope. I doubt it but maybe.
Not really. I learned over time by exposure. HBR answered questions a lot of time, any free accounting course goes over the basics, then spend time understanding the local and global market impacts on whatever business you’re studying
In my unpopular opinion, I'd rather have a rainy mild weather, than the dry scorching heat from Eilat
HE NEVER SAID THIS...

He said "Look, fat, look."

Totally different.
That's Eric, when his human suit was getting a little too snug.
I haven't seen the research but it seems pretty obvious that this is true, if only because billionaires and their apologists insist that it's the other way around.
We [URL]

...

Goldwater? Thomas Jefferson? ...I guess George Washington kinda? 

Ron Paul is pretty hot ngl
The amount of options generally increases outside of state protected markets like telecom and other services.

Monopolies and trusts who abuse their market position end up creating a market for their competition.  Assuming that capitalism inevitable leads to a few small monopolies with no alternatives is a common fallacy.
The idiotic establishment calculus where the more more boxes you tick for being "not a white dude", the more """progressive""" you are.
I think they miss out on laughing period. Their sphincters are unbelievably tight. 
I’m not thinking for Jean. Folks said the doors closed automatically and posted videos, missing the top privacy deadbolt that could be set to keep the door ajar as is done in dorms and apartments and hotel rooms across the world on a regular basis.




Someone save her DNA test for a rainy day
Its hilarious that's the only thing you focused on.
All options being exhausted, peaceful, civil disobedience is far more effective than violence. 
Yeah, the "angry revolutionist" shtick is really wearing me thin. The positivity from her (and Booker, others) is refreshing.
Same. I'm very wary of unintended consequences on that one, but the like-minded voting guides I looked at were all "yes". 
It gives it a unique twist for sure
Small as they are, it wasn’t difficult
I spent some time yesterday and today perusing #deznat. It is sad to see so many people finding joy in being unkind to others, and then hiding behind the gospel to defend their actions.

I hope it started better than this, but I don't see it moving in a positive direction.
And even if executions were carried out by hanging it would not be until strangulation as that would be cruel and unusual. It would be a clean and quick snap. 

This is just another typical dumb leftist thinking out their usual bloodlusted fantasies.
Completely agree.

The Public have the opportunity to assume the initiative... but will the bird fly the cage, after the cage door is left ajar?
Why? Depleted Uranium ammunitions used on civilian population, truly sickening.

I think what you mean to say is "depleted uranium ammunition used during the conflict, which may be related to the increased rates of cancer we're seeing in Fallujah."

This is not a "war crime".
[here's why]([URL])

he intentionally did this the day after the election knowing nobody was in the houses to stop him. every American should be mad at this.

why would Russia want people to protest? many sources have been saying that the Russians are unhappy with the results of the midterms
Remember, most everything you buy from the vendors outside are not allowed inside. Hats and shirts and pins OK. No Trump flags, no lawn chairs you took, no food or water period. No signs or hand fans. Have a great time. I did in Dallas a few moths ago.
Republicans love skinny [URL] ann coulter another psychopath.
The content providers as well.
I dunno either. I’m against discharging trans people who are already serving in the military, but the military is a very dangerous place and there’s a good chance you’d be in a situation where resources are scarce. I guess trans activists just want another excuse to hate Trump.
So nothing becomes less scarce and eventually turns into a handout under capitalism?
How 'bout that smarmy friend of Wally's on Leave It to Beaver, if we're going for ancient TV?
The Secret Service has the  sense of humor of a damp sponge.

Are we not allowed to even jibe at one of their VIPs?
Pedes do yourselves a favor and download "The Chosen" app. It's a show on the life of Christ. It's the best thing I've seen since the Passion. 

First 4 eps are free on the app. Goes direct to Chromecast.
Maybe you should consider converting to Presbyterian so we can get somewhere with this unsolvable problem then. Otherwise you're really just waiting around for your head to get lopped off.
[When your political lens is spotless.]([URL])
Absofuckinglutely. By day 4, the entire arena was revved up behind the Trump Pence ticket. The applause was deafening!
I always thought Biden was supposed to be the sweet but tipsy uncle
Engine damaged by a bird at 30,000 fert flying back from Syria?! Sure
This is how things work. When crack was an epidemic, it came after businesses left ghettos and people were very destitute. Except now that it's a white issue, this is a health problem, not a criminal one. 
The active obstruction of the White House
Terrorism isn't about statistics, it's about fear. Small probabilities can have an enormous impact. 

And the president aligning with white nationalists and threatening those opposed to him increases that fear and the risk exponentially. 

You're excusing terrorism.
I think to be fair you should add of Zimmerman checkered past as well. People are acting like Zimmerman is a good guy that has a spotless record.  He has a questionable pass just like Travyon
Disclaimer: I say Robin Hood returned tax money back to the poor, but most people say he just stole from the rich, not specifically tax money

Now imagine that ethnic minority was anything other than Jews. 

And that's the fucking point. How do Muslims feel? How do Black people feel? The disabled? How about ALL other minorities? Are they not terrified of a Tory government? Spoiler: they're fucking petrified.
He should try convincing his face.   The top half always looks like it’s petrified of the lower half.   Try sliding your thumb over it, is good fun!
Don Lemon's silence on this issue is deafening.
My mum was in much the same boat. Which is crazy given how much cheaper and more pleasant is to be looked after in your own home.
Neither the local authority nor the private sector seem to be able to run a satisfactory nursing home. 
Could have been the glass they’re behind, could have been the fabric getting wet and not laying right. Could be a future [URL]
The goal is to make them think 1000 times before they commit a terror attack. we need to act strongly and sharply, the message need to be immediate and unforgettable. we are not in Scandinavia so let's stop behaving like we are
The worst thing about this, if Biden is actually pulling some dirty shit he will never get held accountable for it due to how fucked up this investigation has gone in an attempt to distract from the shit the Orange one pulled.
That whole thing was ugly.  Felt bad for Meadows.  Cummings did right by him here.
I'm a die hard capitalist but I find communists hugely attractive. Perhaps it's the contrarianism or idealism?
Even sadder? The 30% of the US population that constitutes his unflappable base that agrees with his delusions.
That robot who has been posting for 3 weeks doesn't believe so, most likely
Which every state does including Washington state with its horrific voting my mail system.  So often our votes are thrown in the trash by Republicans here.  Often they use that signature excuse.  We shouldn't have to sign a damn thing to get permission to vote.
The little tard is irrelevant. Who is paying for her white shame world tour? If it's her parents, then what other wealthy benefactors are they working on behalf of?
true, but these are rare and most private schools (and state schools) aren't set up under this tier
Israelites or not, Black people are so good at talking shit lol
Oh look. Once again, white rich men get to decide for everyone fucking else what they can and cannot do.  


I'm so sick of this.
Alternatively, their white house gift was Jerky. Mountains of delicious fresh jerky off the smoker!

And inhaling jerky like Bill doesn't inhale the Mary juwanna is just an unforgivable sin!
Why is hoarding wealth a crime?  It's his money, he gets to do what he wants with it. It may be rude or unkind, but he has no obligation to give up the money he legally earned.
This is absolutely what I think. Their early music was too mediocre for the amount of airplay they received, which created public backlash, which lead to it being cool to hate Nickleback.

Their music is solid. It doesn't push the envelope, but not every band needs to.
It doesn’t have to be

If you are truly destitute it’s a greyhound ticket 

Forgot to switch back to your other username
The most transparent administration ever
It being official and it being real are not the same thing. Sometimes when someone displays literally every single symptom of a disorder, you can know they have it.  

He has narcissist personality disorder. It's crystal clear. 
lol 

not even a single "supply chain" of child sex slaves has been damaged, every global drought, war, failed state, etc. creates hundreds of thousands of potential slaves
Old people are who will put Biden over the top. 

Also black people.   He owns both groups.
I'm very pro-capitalist and I see this bait and switch all the time. Sometimes I see it for capitalism but it's really rare.


Snapshots:

1. Right wing idpol is extremely funny... - [[URL]]([URL]), [[URL]]([URL])



*I am just a simple bot, **not** a moderator of this subreddit* | [*bot subreddit*](/r/SnapshillBot) | [*contact the maintainers*](/message/compose?to=\/r\/SnapshillBot)
The ghost of Ann Landers will be lashing him with a wet noodle.
Hot name.
 US air support umbrella 

How does US air support fair on rainy days?
Okay. Let's pretend that he was set up and isn't just a moron. Congratulations. How long does he get to walk free before he finds out that he got played and is arrested for his crimes?
The EU is a small scale operation compared to their actual goal. They want an EU for every continent. Then an EU for the EU. Then the goal is complete.
poor people who don't want kids. This will make the child's life miserable and be a strain on the society because of all the handouts  
  
Thought exercise: Why don't we just kill some of the poor people then?  They're miserable anyway and just a strain.
  
Thank you. I completely forgot to add that these cowards also try to change the subject to anything but the point. You can console yourself by pointing out some of these innocents at Wal Mart were likely obese.
The so-called "Constitutionalists" are full of it.  The GOP has had several meetings with the hopes of convening a Constitutional Convention.  I'm sure they would *love* to amend the Constitution to reflect their twisted ideology.
Be wary. CA may try to give you a felony for trying to do the right thing. 
So basically certain parts of Baltimore already, where murderers go unreported and witnesses won't come forward. Yeah that works really well
Soap and (preferably hot) water? Are you okay?
Nah, l bet he's happy wher he is, he probably wears knee pads all day.
Yea verily, we are reaching levels of shitposting that shouldn't even be possible!
Not to mention how coordinated our favorite trolls were. They were out blaming Hillary in full force before the body had gone cold.
OP, this is not adequate context.  Find a link, flesh this out.
Went with some friends to a gay bar in NC and saw the mental gymnastics first hand.

Sign out front: Only tolerance and acceptance allowed in, no hate, blah blah blah.

Signs inside plastered behind the bartenders: Fuck Trump, Trump supporters GTFO, etc.
I suppose you liked Bush's "Shock and Awe" carpet bombing of Bagdad a whole lot better or using White Phosphorous, depleted uranium and Napalm on Fallujah or torturing 1000's. 
Implementing Warren's plans are like carving Russian nesting dolls from a petrified tree stump using an aluminum spoon from a camping cutlery set.
I am white 😐
Our healthcare is evil but our healthcare professionals are not.

I'm sure nurses are sick of innocent people dying horribly for absolutely no reason. This makes sense.
Corbyn needs to resign. Whether it's for the right or wrong reasons, if exit polls are to be believed (and this seat indicates they most likely are), there is no way he can remain leader in good faith.
LoL... you think Democrats will hold anyone accountable after Trump is gone? Dude they wont even try to hold them accountable now... its oh we will send you a nasty letter with demands and do a investigation that never reaches a conclusion..
Almost assuredly! Or even more likely, a 16 year old playing retired soldier in Mom’s basement.
Not op, but after a quick google:

[URL]

Not bribes per say, but very... unsettling
Just look at Warner's face.  It has been eroded over the decades by hundreds of gallons of booze pouring through his body
Olly isn't a nobody and his channel is actually pretty good.

Nevertheless, following that same faulty logic of yours,  do people ever read a whiny comment about people who watch an hour long video?  

Because it might be argued that is also spam that should be moderated.
Right. Which is, thankfully, impossible to sell to the US public. It is much easier to convince people to slowly give up their rights than to take them all away at once.
There are plenty of well-spoken voices who can represent all sides. She is a blowhard who condescendingly regurgitates the same old talking points, and rarely if ever engages in intelligent conversation. She's the only person who immediately makes me turn off CNN.
Bums overd’ing on heroin,
Nasty ladies that look like men
It's too large and vague a category to have an opinion about.
New Yorkies have ruined both Austin and Portland. People have shamed Californians into silence but these fucking loud, stupid, arrogant NYC douchebags...
That's a non-issue, I'm moreso concerned about the availability of insurances that offer those services, because right now they're scarce.

Other people aren't responsible for my financial slack.
I try really hard to stay informed on all this, to the detriment of my sanity, but I don't even remember this part of the saga. There are too many tangled webs to keep up with. I'm exhausted.
How hard would it be to deport homeless and destitute Americans under this rule?
Both. And the vice president among the other "christians" with their weekly bible study group "fails" to see this gigantic warning in the texts. Do they read the fucking book at all?
THIS

Yang is calm yet bold, calculating yet has a sense of humor, knows the needs of the everyday people and has 21st century solutions to them. We need that in a President.
They clean those properly, though. By licking, admittedly, but cleanish.
"Japanese people are the white people of the Asian people"
The issue is he lied to everyone involved, and this post is promoting him as "honest".   Same deal as Flynn, either lying or incompetence.  Fuck that noise.  Don't back a failed candidate.  Amalur will sink any chance Schilling has, even if he's spotless elsewhere.
Obligatory "yes". 
Right, I agree with what you said. Bad comparison, but it does an adequate job of exposing the statements hypocrisy. The IRS scandal is infinitely worse than the Head of the Census resigning. 
I used HRC as an example because I said the dehumaniation effort isn't something new or unique in political history. Precisely because of the differences is why I used that example.
Their strongholds are mostly captured, there's nowhere to retreat but the desert and I imagine their strategic reserves are depleted. Moral must be in the toilet, at this point it's a case of individual survival rather than any fantasy of preserving the caliphate. As such, effective resistance is very limited
Exactly lol this level of rationalization seems unique among people who put ", PhD" in their Twitter handle
Yeah but there's that one gif of that angry short-haired lesbian girl yelling at someone, so...
It's difficult because it requires completely unburdening the camel and having him kneel down. Which again, is the point of the story. It's not impossible to get one through, it just takes more work.
Sometimes the dead get off easy. The other alternative is being poor and living an increasingly miserable life as the health issues you have pile up and you have no recourse to get them treated.
Oh hey, shills are here.

We are deporting millions of illegals come Sunday and getting that question on the census. 

Get bent.
Yeah, this isn't news to me. Unfortunately under the Tories mental health support has gone to absolute shit and I don't really fancy sitting through another five years of this. I'm really tired of slipping through the cracks.
I'm just asking questions. Calm down dear.
Add about 40lbs to that. Even his own doc put him at 239, 1 lb shy of "obese" on the bmi scale. This was widely mocked. If 240 is vanity weight, his real weight is likely 260-270. 
To be fair, I’m thinking more allng the lines of a parent kissing their baby who is asleep.  But to be even fairer, this is Jussie we’re talkin about
Oh I agree, I think 10% is the upper limit of the polling difference. I think a hung parliament is quite likely.
But we will defeat Phil Scott next year, so a Democrat will take Bernie's seat and then win the special election!
It is hilarious because Sherman was from Ohio which is a Republican state and would never be a modern liberal. He wasn't a lazy entitled piece of shit that wanted to reap the rewards of someone else's labor like Democrats now and Democrats back during the civil war.
^(they're very convenient but kinda ugly...)
Wouldn’t that be just perfect? But that’s a pipe dream.
It's ridiculous that a guy who buys his own elections says this.
Person spamming it was a filthy worthless centrist
Yup. Its why making California or Illinois the early primary states makes much more sense than Iowa or New Hampshire. Of course the whole primary process is badly designed and is particularly unhelpful for a big tent party like the Democrats that absolutely require candidates with a broad spectrum of support.
It's not the fact that the information is out there, it's that this shooter's name is plastered all over it. This (unintentionally) glorifies the person who committed the crime and gives copycats an idol
Very parched
Quick, someone make a gif of Gary Johnson's face plastered on Travolta looking around.
Calm down, LAB's not winning a maj even if Clive runs around screaming & naked
His [foreign policy critiques]([URL]) are some of the best you can find and his knowledge of history impeccable; he's my favorite leftist, even if I disagree with his economics.  He'd make for a fun uncle whose brain would be worth picking at get-togethers.
It takes a special kind of person to see this horror and take it as an opportunity for american chest thumping.
Thank you! I want an efficient, practical, humane government. To borrow from your username: skinny on dollars, fat on outcomes.
I guess we just flat out say the quiet parts out loud now.
CNN knows they are going extinct, forces IN the network keeping the grease flowing for the future.
Precisely my point why better, cheaper, and more public transport is needed. 

And the vast majority of British people live in cities and large towns. The UK is one of the most urbanised countries in the world. This is totally feasible.
Good times.


Don’t be unkind, these are the moments. 
I'm sorry; I should have been more clear that I do believe those things to be propaganda, which is why I used the word construed. But that's my fault -- when discussing a widely held belief propagated by US institutions, I need to be crystal clear in order to not spread misinformation.
If only stenographers knew how to capture inaudible squirming, there would've been all caps subtitles of it
My thought here was, probably not much more than anyone else. They haven't slipped up on excluding him from graphics and generally portray him in a not negative light though.
From the article:


Comments Unavailable

Sorry, we are unable to accept comments about this article at the moment. However, you will find some great articles which you can comment on right now in our Comment section.

oh no the comments might shed light on the goat fucking pedophile ideology and offend more Muslims.

how about the editors of The Nation stop sucking up to Russia and running Kremlin propaganda next? holy shit... search their site for the word Ukraine, the results are ridiculous.
happy cake day pede!
Good researchers correct bad researchers all the time. But it's often difficult for those outside of specific disciplines to know when they are encountering good or bad research.
I'm I the only one that took this as just a hilarious joke?
I think my point was pretty crystal clear. And you don't give 40% of a thing. 

You're making a claim that shows you don't understand what "marginal tax rates" means. 
You do that by taking content from here and [[URL]]([URL]) and spreading it around the rest of the internet, not just hoping someone stumbles in.  Our message is diluted here since we are beholden to reddit's rules.  There we are free.
It was still a pretty good season it was less leaning towards Clinton then I initially thought the script was pretty good the female president was well balanced between Clinton and Trump threads. Also the fictional Infowars was more of a unkind wink at it than a full blown smear campaign I felt.

it sounds like the previous judges were bent in someway, I don't think there is anyone in NY with an ounce of sympathy for him.
Leadership experience  Political experience, IMO.   A lot of people are unhappy with politics as usual so don't see a lot of political experience as a plus.
What a miserable way to die!
He's a poster boy for the phenomena of mediocre white men who spend their lives falling upwards.
Every time I hear the full title I want to go put my head in a bucket of scalding hot water. 
But I thought silencers make the gun inaudible like in the Hollywood movies?? /s
You’re also brilliant this night for knowing this!
Jeees, from what we're told about the horrific conditions that these poor wittle imagwants are fleeing, this should be a paradise. 
 Not once, in my entire life, have I seen an attractive, fit white supremacist. 

[URL]

There you go. Though they're more broadly far-right neo-conservative than specifically white supremecist.
the rich get all the food and the poor starve to death!

Meanwhile, in the United States, the poorest citizens are obese.
The cool youth are tho and that’s the vote that really matters
Good point, let's also require that Cruz go by Canadian Edward Rafael Cruz. And while we're at it, Mediocre Businessman Donald "His Daddy's Money" Trump. 
Somebody whos driven a bit tipsy ia not a degenerate. Just made a poor decision. I'm not defendijg driving impaired. Its really dumb.
Someone should make a movie about a black skinny President married to a manly woman who is systematically trying to destroy America.
Exactly, and the fact that they have "Don't Tread On Me" plastered all over their sub while the party treads on voters is downright insulting and sad.
Liposuction, or that new fat freezing procedure.  Her face looks swollen.  Maybe a fact lift or Botox?
Yep. The idea that an affordable education is impossible (or even difficult) in the US is a huge myth. It’s like kids complaining how expensive some name brands are while store brands are still reasonable yet ignored.
Is a joke. Calm down boomer.
Have actually heard of trans people doing it, with distinct air of irony. And without high explosives, to best knowledge.

Personally, wish them luck. Hopefully cake is tasty.
You're being ridiculous. Think tanks are so aughts. Board seats are back in vogue, and I think the 20s will be the age of the no-show private equity partnership.

P'shaw! "Think tanks"[URL], boomer.
me too. i'm parched. Time for beer.
Yeah he’s basically a broken record. They have nothing and it’s painfully obvious.
I know right?  My 12 year old just last week got a cushy $550k job at a Lithuanian gas company to peddle influence to his middle school principal.   I kept telling him not to but you know how kids are these days, so headstrong
Antietam was pretty memorable, being the single bloodiest day the entire war. I’ve been there, and it’s still eerie. The bridge the Union stormed faced a high, but not too steeply sloped creek bank the Confederates stood on and slaughtered them.
Bernies a hard win, so yangs and impossible win
It’s seriously like conservatives were asleep for the entirety of their US History and Civics classes. 

What the hell are these people teaching each other?
One thing is crystal clear in all of this, The Republicans have no moral scruples what so ever.
Omg this is amazing is there anywhere I can watch a larger clip in context? Too much of Ingraham's miserable smarm makes everyone dumber  but this former adviser dude had been on a run that day of embarrassing conservatives on fox
I think it's because my politicial views are good. Any later drops will most likely be due to things I disagree with.
News to me as a half black capitalist Libertarian.
Oh you should see my inbox lol. They are VERY unhappy.
Yeah I know. He's become a local meme for having his big dumb face plastered on multiple billboards, top, bottom, front and back every 100 goddamn feet of highway. Reminds me of a certain someone and his last name.
So what do you think of companies undercutting a market by funding their service through other means in the hope of getting a gigantic market share later on?
[URL]

[Edit: POTUS is calm, AG is calm.  FOLLOW THEIR LEADING BY EXAMPLE]
I agree. The Fed’s tool chest is a bit thin. I wouldn’t get too excited if I were Wall St.
So what part of being an nationalistic race-baiting asshole with a penchant for saber-rattling and militarism doesn't scream fascist at you? Or are you one of those people who thinks fascists went extinct after 1945 and she needs to goosestep in jackboots to be considered one?
If she offered to sleep with me, I would say no and wouldn't vote for her. Even if I was drunk and decided to take her up on the offer, she still would not get my vote.
Well some template can only give at best mediocre memes. Like the Lisa Simpson white text one. So I can judge a template before even looking at the joke expressed by it
I'm not sure Trump supporters care much about scientific consensus or indeed morality, ethics, the rule of law etc. I can't see them being swayed when the remaining dissenting voices on client change go quiet.
It's crazy. The only shit I've been seeing on this come directly from Bernie's website. If this was Hillary, it'd be plastered everywhere. 
A few hundred soldiers with man-portable weaponry.  Many of these are probably their "mercenary" forces but others will be formal Spetsnaz. Some ancient TU-95 strategic bombers. Probably quite a bit of money or promised assets from their "cooperation".
Excellent overview on all the naysayers I've encountered.

Edit:  The article was missing people who think poverty should be a punishment.
Unforgettable night
Honestly though, the writers outdid themselves on that scene. It's iconic, a memorable quote ("No.") and really shows character and plot development. All around, good scene.
Don't try to frighten us with your sorcerer's ways, Lord Vader. Your sad devotion to that ancient religion has not helped you conjure up the stolen data tapes, or given you clairvoyance enough to find the Rebels' hidden fort...
Feed the fat children to the starving children.
How did you manage to screenshot your damaged screen?
Let it Snow!  Then Go Skiing! While the wind Blows!  Grind the Powder! Then warm up in the lodge with a game of 8ball.  As I dream of a White Christmas!

cocaine.

&#x200B;

(why is this tagged with "compassion and empathy"?)
All of them choose not to work hard? Even those working 2 jobs? Or do you mean they all chose not to have adequate opportunities at a young age?
I'm imagining that old clip of the skinny kid punching a husky kid a couple of times and taunting him and then husky kid body slams him and walks off
Right now rocket fuel is definitely scarce.
She is actually cute. She has a bad case of bitch face though. She would look much better with a smile.
Also around 6 or so of the seats still left to declare are some of the ones that always looked like the least likely SNP gains.
its a problem sure, but its also a problem having children when you already can't feed yourself. why are we not blaming the parents of all of the people who are starving?
He seemed pretty anti-nuclear. France is doing great with nuclear... It's a small country but still
New Jersey’s Democratic GOV Phil Murphy promised the same exact thing and 2 years later we’re still getting arrested for a tiny crumb of left over weed in our pocket. I won’t  believe any politician who promises this until I see it.
You know what's higher than their literacy rate? Their first cousin marriage rate, at 71%. Pakis make up a ridiculous amount of birth defects in the UK because of this.
Sigh. I gotta get a payday loan for my car repairs... ~~I can cover it next paycheck but it feels soooooo like a trap.~~

EDIT: Actually I opened a line of credit with my bank. I now have a dedicated rainy day fund.
Or whatever can be pulled from my cold dead hands, ya see, im an octopus. That was lame wasnt it. Ugh
If the poorly performing black kids get separated out so they can have some kind of remedial math program for blacks this might be brilliant. But if this is just a way to force sjw propaganda on white and Asian kids during math of all things it would be absolutely appalling.
they made Yang angry and like... flamboyantly gay and dumb? it's bizarre. would've been cool if they could think of something a little more funny and on point
Forced birth as punishment is OBVIOUSLY what's they're pushing. Crystal clear.
I was in the grocery store the other day and saw a beautiful pink juice which I thought was watermelon juice. I could already taste the sweet nectar trickling down my parched gullet. I go over there and it's fucking cabbage juice! Who the fuck drinks cabbage juice? I nearly puked.
Yeah, just like the anarchists. Even a broken clock is right twice
 And I'd be pretty wary of the info coming from the podium. 

That awkward moment where official statements from the White House press room aren't reliable, but unnamed unverified sources of unknown content are...
Eh, even after the Mental Health Card, they would still just play the "bad shit happens because humans are imperfect/law is just ink on paper" trump card. Now the problem is unsolvable, and victims are at fault for daring not to arm themselves and live every moment suspicious of everyone around them.
There is a small army of police. They are serving nothing but private interest like the dollar hungry pigs they are.
OP is TDSing so hard he cries his own salt mines
No 🤡 left - wing 🤡 government 🤡 is 🤡 successful. Fucking trump supporters lmao, please fall asleep in your car while it’s running.
The morbidly hilarious thing is that if you don't idolize police, and you don't pay them well, then the only remaining reason to become a cop is if you're a thug and want to beat people.
A super-rich hedge fund manager and Republican activist is not only trashing the 99%, but investing considerable resources into having others trash the 99% as well.  This is a crystal clear indication that Banksters, corporate criminals and the Republican Party are scared to death of what they see in the streets of America.
and the final days of the NHS and quality workers rights sadly.  Post brexit freedoms will disappear and all but the old will wonder what the fuck they did.
3rd right answer: teach your kids gun safety and teach them not to be scared of firearms start with bb guns and work your way up as they get older
1. Be Attractive
2. Don't be unattractive. 
3. Profit
It could also be different for different states.  But the academies I looked into in my area required either a college degree (preferably in something related to law enforcement), or "impeccable" references (daddy was a cop). 
Yes, anything that's made in another country has to be labeled with where it was made. Once you start checking packaging you'll be surprised how much food in grocery stores is from other countries, and China makes a lot of dry goods.
Yeah well the more you read about history, the more you find out that this kind of psychological warfare is depressingly ancient.  Much about the world we live in is contrived.  That's why the founders saw the need for a robust legal system.  It's very slow but I think it's catching up
Happy cake day!   
I wish I knew where I'd found it... Child labor in the 1880s... Kids sorting coal by size.  I can envision it modernized to put scrub brushes in their hands, making nice clean coal!
so much tasty sauce
The salt harvest will be delicious.
It's funny how you were downvoted for saying that both sides shouldn't do this.

The consensus on this sub appears to be that it's okay if Labour does it because they're the good guys.

Either that or Corbynites are just trying to bury any dirt from their side.
It's not a religion it's a nationality. Think Roman or Greek. Most nationalities can be transmitted by birth. Judaism is simply the national religion of the Jewish people, like the ancient Roman religion was the national religion of the Roman people.
I never ate there. Breaded on chicken on more bread just doesn't sound appealing. Which is a funny thing to say considering that I've eaten that at other places. But it just sounds super dry.
Breakfast blends suck.

This post made by dark roast gang.
Why? Their record is impeccable regardless of the obvious smear campaigns and framing of Julian assange. 
Except it's not, because it doesn't have exclusive control. The fact that it fell shows this, and the fact that it never arbitrary raised prices and lowered quality, which is the main sign of a monopoly. It was broken up with testamonies from their rivals who said they were a monopoly
english is most widely spoken second language in european countries. german/italian/french/spanish usually come as third. 

I also dont think older people from eastern eu would be delighted to have once again relearn ''lingua franca'' as they had to when switch happened from russian to english after fall of USSR.
Because he's a gigantic asshole.
Just because I don't like close races :P  It's still a great result, I'd just like a less tight margin for Beshear in case of a recount.
At least she is not rocking those hideous balenciaga boots
I am the author of you misery. I hope you're hungry, there's more on the way. Much more. [URL]
and write their boss, and HR, and corporate. and if you don't get a satisfactory response, share who they are so none of us inadvertently purchase something from them and use it for horrible things. 
I see you are a man of impeccable taste as well.
It doesn't. Ciaramella is in big, big trouble.

This is hilarious considering what they did to Dr. Carter Page, a freakin' CIA asset, and they have the gall
to bitch and complain about Ciaramella's name being out there? Lol.
Rhinos look delicious. Am I the only one who thinks that?
Don’t miss it. NC Democratic voters failed in the special.
I didn't think it was but you have joined an organisation which carries out some of the most brutal oppression imaginable. Although I understand your reasoning and think it's internally logical, you are choosing to participate in something hideous.
I said this before, but it looks more true now. This was all to cover for Biden, and the Democrats were always going to say it's illegal to investigate Democrats no matter what the evidence is. It's all a gigantic coverup that failed on a massive scale.
Get bent Chris.
Ah, yeah, if you know a local farmer it's different. But you made me think about my ex-roommate, who delighted in buying three dozen eggs for $4 at cheapo groceries, and so on.
[URL] the economy is the best it’s ever been with employment being at an all time high, and many companies pouring back into our country. Wake up Punchy! [[URL]]([URL])
I dont agree with that either our country has this horrible way of forgetting past sins in light of fame.
 we all know how messy a second referendum could me on a range of votes.

We all should know how bitter and twisted those who voted leave will become once they find the promise of sunny uplands was all shyster talk.
And the old conspiracies never go away even after they've been debunked; they'll just resurface after the news of the debunking fades again.
Whereas ardent remainers like you have stuck with them through thick and thin lol.
The events are under dispute. Guyger claims the door was ajar and swung open when she tried to unlock it. A witness claims to have heard her shouting to be let in. This is where I had heard that she identified herself as the police, but that is actually not mentioned in the account.
So it was  sunny when I left work. As I drove home, it became cloudy, then light flurries, then dark gray, heavy flurries, low visibility, and by the time I pulled into the driveway ten minutes later the wind was gusting and it felt like a blizzard.
Can i get a Gatorade, I'm parched from all this winning. /s
Ciaramella and the attorney representing “the whistleblower” have not denied it after it was published in major publications. 

If Ciaramella was NOT the whistleblower he would have immediately said so, loudly, unless he was intentionally protecting someone even more dirty.
Maybe this is the hot button topic that will result in the normally silent and apathetic majority to actually get off their arses.
Damm, i can see why shes gorgeous 
The liberal elite have the appearance of a low-grade bank clerks and the charisma of a damp rags. Furthermore, they are not laughing now.
Power hungry old man. He's only a democrat during presidency runs
As a Christian you are pretty cringe. God implanted us healthy racism and made men to lead nations. 

Tradcaths, not even once.
I appreciate this piece, but the 66.6% of Americans that feel like me, already agreed...  

How many op-eds are we going to get that illustrate that Trump and his followers are awful?  

The echo in here is deafening, and has yet to move the needle more than an inch.
Calling the DNC "neoliberals" is a leftist tactic to make it sound like our problems are primarily the result of free marketism, and an attempt by today's leftists to distance themselves from yesterday's leftists. I suggest people on the right eschew the word and be wary of those who use it.
Damn, being slammed by Nickelback. That's cold.
Lol what an unforgettable story that was.
Actually, that’s no where near true. An average of 9,000,000 people starve under capitalism every single year. That makes Mai and Stanlin look like teddy bears. The difference is you don’t attribute those starving in a capitalist country as being because of capitalism but you do for the communist country.
You don't think exposing the whistleblower's name to all of trump's followers on Twitter is a personal action against him?  That he can't be damaged in any way because of that?  Trump is trying to get him suicided.
White people do get to complain about anti-whitism. They're not allowed to dictate what is and isn't offensive to other groups. Which is consistent with the situation with jews. 

And secondly white people haven't been genocided in the past.
You ever notice how everybody at a Democrat rally looks totally miserable and depressed, while everyone at a Trump rally looks energetic and content? Makes you think.
To your point, I'd live to see that asked to any of the candidates that have position that makes them unique. Why is bennet/klobachar/bullock/delany/Steyer running?I'd love to see them answer that
The old are more selfish under this logic, as they only care about short term and themselves rather then the future of the country and its younger people then.

That's the biggest of faults in any society regardless if your leaning towards left right or center when it comes to politics.
Growing up, I had no problem with white Santa. He’s a European creation and from the North Pole so it never bothered me. It was only an issue when someone told me it should be “it wasn’t”. Race pimps peddling their filth
He definitely obviously knew, but their friend wasn’t in the room for that tape.

Though I wish they’d release more tapes.  I love hearing the incriminating tapes.  Did Omarosa fall asleep? Whatsup 
Don't get mad at us because Hillary is terrible.  She is like the living manifestation of what makes American politics non-functional, corrupt, and in service to moneyed interests only.

If she is going to represent the Democrats... fuck it, I'll abandon ship.
a "big oof", a boof even?
These are the same people who look up to and believe trump is the prime example of an alpha male.

You know, the obese, fake haired, fake tanned, thin skinned Twitter triggered 73 year old snowflake that hasn’t exercised a day in his life.
If that were true, there would not be so many of them being salty and whiny. They will do anything to protect the spotless reputation of their elderly sundowning president.
Leaving aside the fact that this would be entirely illegal, if the ACA is the new normal I'm more than happy to not pay for all of Texas' [obese]([URL]) and [destitute]([URL]). 
That is a pretty reasonable point.
A VAT would be regressive

It can be regressive and still tax the wealthy more than the poor
How can anyone be expected to tolerate racist, delicious chicken sandwiches and consistently excellent service?
I'd be happy if he did. I just don't have faith in these moderators. Maybe Bernie or Warren will ask him directly.
If you look at your local dry cleaners and at city hall and think "nope, no difference" then we have no foundation on which to build meaningful dialog.

It would be like trying to discuss math with someone who thinks subtraction and addition are the same thing.
Unless you bought a faulty globe...
Cool. Good luck doing that without making yourself more palatable and bringing in people with different views. You're not going to take power by force.
At least it will be a warm ending which is better than freezing to death.
That was only half of what I said to him.

But I think he got really annoyed that I called him out and also said he was simple because he tried to respond to my comment but it was the most Trumptardian response with some 4chan mention too. Lol. 
FUCK how are we supposed to get the RAINY CYBERPUNK CITYSCAPE now?
The complete depravity of republican leaders is why we are losing.  They used sophisticated marketing and a vast media empire to condition the simple minded with simple, memorable lies.


I know plenty of non-voters that are apathetic.  Or find voting to "impolite" because it's part of "politics" which are "dirty."  The fact that people grow up being taught to stay away from civic engagement because it's considered rude is its own special form of oppression.
Nah, I meant scalding. How else do explain his permanently orange face? [Hot water burn donny!]([URL])


That’s why Dems need to make sure every single fucking Republican who was involved in crimes is prosecuted.  Clean house, get rid of them.
I saw the video she took, the dude was obviously drunk. He deserves to be fired and needs to get help.
You excel at double posting low effort echo-chamber comments.
but I believe if a door is ajar they have a right to enter?

No, the police do not have the right to search your house just because the door is ajar.
So you’re just miserable in general?
I wish they just boosted the unique donor req to 350k
The only reason anyone pays any attention to her is because she’s an attractive woman in politics who says stupid shit. She is just another Sarah Palin.
We all suffer from the retards in the crowded, filthy cities.
We're seeing all kinds of local elections where people are sick of the corruption and dark money spending.
To the losers: Eat a bag of dicks you dirty commie fucks.
we don't like socialism, on the contrary we strongly oppose it. The problem is people misrepresenting what it is. When you don't accurately identify the problem, you can't find a productive solution. Or even worse, someone could intentionally misrepresent it to push a dangerous agenda based on faulty premises.
I would have, and will, vote for a sock puppet soaked in cat urine before I vote for trump.
Those centrist tears are delicious.
Remember when KimDotCom said that Wikileaks was going to publish Hillary's emails? I 'member. 

Wikileaks still has a spotless record. KimDotCom ... not so much.
Fox News told him he got to be mad right here so he's mad right here.

Facts do not matter. He's mad as shit and he has someone else telling him where to vent and he's either too dumb or too exhausted to bother with anything like skepticism.
What is infuriating is the tiny number of regretful Trump voters, which seems hugely outnumbered by the number of people who were not for Trump now going over.
It is memorable for me as it happened on my birthday. September 1 always seems to be a gloomy event in history.
Do you close the door, or leave it ajar?
El Paso was an ecofascist, like the Christchurch shooter. They murdered to fight climate change, which is probably a big reason the NZ shooter's manifesto got censored so fast. That, and the fact he used antisemitic slurs to refer to President Trump, which made blaming Trump difficult.
Audiobook: The Legend of Sleepy Hollow

[URL]
You mean also. Also, they do that.

Also, you can’t have a revolution without starving underclass masses, so here’s a way to generate starving masses who don’t understand that being American citizens makes them the top class of anyone else in the world.
That's great but you're wall of text doesn't address how race and culture are almost always permanently intertwined so your points are
 hot air.
(annoyed grunt)
Enacting change requires sacrifice. I agree that not taking advantage of your existing privilege would make your life more difficult. I think that's the point.
Yeeeees, libright is almost finished assembling all possible colors...
Rishi trying to argue with Farage... Hilarious.
We should have a special tag for the ten morons each day that make this post
I'm not sure about the numbers but on a personal level I'd be unhappy about it. Depending on how geopolitics and economics work out, that might be sustainable though.
This should be a book, the theft of an antiquated design and the subsequent construction of the most notorious reactor in history. I suspect the potential authors though are unavailable for comment.
Any previous poll to compare to?

Anyways they asked Likely voters so new voters and younger generation most likely underrated.
Obligatory "oh man the irony", again.

Sorry but if you can't see the irony in all alt-right trolls commenting just to talk shit about a subreddit - you're part of the problem.
It's not that rare. Lots of people are fat, anthropomorphic sacks of dog shit.
It's been over since they've been suspending players for laying hits that were considered "clean" barely 10 years ago....
You're wrong... Supplemental insurance is allowed under the M4A bill. Literally in writing the bill only prevents private companies from covering something already covered by Medicare.

Private insurance will still be able to offer many things like new or experimental drugs and surgeries, cosmetic surgeries, non-life-threatening elective procedures, and more.
Unflappable, smart, classy lady! 
Are u serious u also live in a house that has used carbon and on top that what he is saying is that so they can turn to a greener way of fuel and resources not not to eliminate all bad that would almost be impossible
Maybe if he'd responded by pouring a drink over the bloke instead of piling in with his fists in response to a bit of milkshake, then you'd have a point.

But you don't, because in truth he is reaping what he has sown.
Not one iota,  still does not absolve you of the responsibility of anything you do while you're drunk. It just means that you were free to make the choice to drink illegally and your parents aren't responsible anymore.
Fat Michael Scott could pull it off too
It's not the sort of content we allow here.

It's ableist af
Extremely silly comment. Do you honestly believe Sam Harris supports an Authoritarian one-party state that actively silences its citizens, acts in lawless kidnapping of activists and is actively involved in a cultural genocide?

If these are the comments of /r/SamHarris, it's entirely understandable why Sam doesn't visit this place.
Many take cheap shots at Marianne, but her message is profound.

Actually listen to her speak; seriously, judge her on substance instead of style, she's altogether too easy to mock.
 have you ever seen a candidate get out of a black "van" that has the profile of an ambulance?

#No but we've never had a terminally ill candidate, either.
he must have been parched, and had a couple bourbons. Is he off the wagon?
And that impeccable grooming. 
Calm, confident, and commanding attention. That's my future president.
One must be wary of those who's morality is dependent upon the legality of things...
When this goes to trial in the Senate, will there be order in the court or will Repubs still be allowed to pull their fuckery and get away with It? Serious question. Yesterday was insane.
You forgot to mention selling off Royal Mail to their mates at a gigantic profit.
If you think fascism is leftist, you’re a fool. Why have fascists always slaughtered leftists,  while conservatives and capitalists bent the knee? Every occurrence of fascism has been far right, saying otherwise makes you complicit, as you’re spreading fascist / neo-Nazi propaganda.
Debbie is sick of your shit!
Agreed. No great answer here, but not mandating them while funding a big PR push is reasonable. Everyone should get vaccinated, but by choice.
I think you're right. I thought they might find some ground to perch on, but these witnesses are pretty unflappable.
It is crystal clear that trump is in violation of the [Emoluments Clause and has been since taking office.]([URL])  That is enough to start an investigation, put the president under oath and see what comes.  Clinton was impeached only after he was questioned under oath
up here in Alberta Canada most people even in December/July still have uncovered faces, and even then, if you're covering your face to keep warm it's too cold to safely protest outside for hours.
Mr. Steyer is correct when he says we don't have the disposal sites for nuclear. So designate a remote area in the desert for waste disposal and start building new, safer reactors in areas with low to non-existent earthquake risks.
Haven't read the article fully but does this information about his connections to the Bundy ranchers possibly open up charges against the Bundys being brought again after they were dismissed?
Can an attorney explain to me how the plaintiff could win/prove this?  Barring a memorable birthmark on his privates - this seems like a really tough thing to prove?
Joe is one dumb mf. So many gaffes from this senile old man.
Israel keeping Gaza parched, Amnesty International says.

[URL]
Get 'em flyin' Ted! And Hacker 400 all snug in your bed!
Your answer should scare the living bejeezus out of anyone. Because you just normalized and made it seem like Donald Fucking Trump having an approval rate of 42 percent isnt a big deal. Its a fucking gigantic deal and *everything* that is wrong about America, for crying out loud!
Very interesting. Though I still imagine intellectuals on either side of that argument would have to maintain ideological purity to socialism or libertarianism and thus make them less palatable to the general electorate. Introducing these ideas without the weight of other ideological purity is the key,
Whoa those goalposts just got up and left.

You asked if she was taking big money in the general. I showed you that she wasn't.
Papadopoulos will get drunk, say something arrestworthy, and end his campaign in a single evening.
The knee, 


has been bent
I only have 4 children that live in my home and a wife, so it doesn't seem horribly abnormal. Although it's really the child support deductions and medical expenses that tip the scale. The problem is that a lot of these graphics show a black and white picture with no additional information.
Just donated! Want merch but kinda tight rn.
In other news water is still wet.
"I'm so libertarian I want to tell others they're not allowed to run an organization in a way I don't like"
So what paperwork will be done to prove people are terminally ill and not just using this as an method to take drugs?  How will the results be documented in a way that can be used in research?  
Not sure, but it’s bad messaging. They’re not winning hearts and minds by using the same attack phrase against the worst Republicans as their standard-bearer, Hillary Clinton, is using against one of the candidates on the Democratic debate stage.
Yeah, trump spends so much time confronting/tweeting about [URL]'s crystal clear to anyone that he is incapable of "tuning it out"
First off, I was a Bernie supporter, who voted for Hillary. You committing a fallacy here man. I believe it's the fallacy of faulty generalization. I don't know why you're bashing Bernie supporters. This article is about trump, not about Bernie or Hillary.
So thanks for that...
This link is to a video of a man who crushed and injected anti-depressants because heroin is illegal and unavailable. Beware! It is shocking. CNBU.

[URL]

Personally, I think it makes the case that there are far worse things than poppy juice.
No one knows. But is that important? 

Personally, I think the important thing to consider is how the narrative has changed - from sunny uplands and unicorns to ‘adequate food supplies’. 
What she did is in no way worthy of applause.  It's disgusting and it's the same shit that Trump does to his opponents.  He smears them with twisted, manipulated information just to put himself ahead.  She is the one candidate on that stage that seriously is not fit for the presidency.
Perfect Fish
My tolerance for idiocy has been utterly depleted. I'm exhausted from their unwillingness to use common sense and common decency. 
I think you have to contact a Reddit mod directly with the name of the sub in question, so they can review it. Seems like a pretty cut and dry case, they have banned similar communities before.
DOD already audits spending, in great detail.  My organization spent an enormous effort justifying every purchase, verifying all paperwork followed regulation, and physically tracking down inventory via hand scanning.  This article is bullshit.
As someone from America, I am delighted by your use of the word “farty”!
Strongly prefer the overgassed and unflappable AKM action but I’m with you in spirit.
And all the allegations conveniently occurred at the time of his Presidency. The allegations will never stand, not because of a faulty justice system, but because they’re so pathetically transparent.
They went from absolutely destitute and unarmed to an economic powerhouse that required 3 world powers to defeat militarily, and only just barely.

Say what you want about the ideology, but the data is undeniably impressive.

Maybe another analogy would be napoleons france before moscow?
Bush lost for a large number of reasons. Including running against one of the best politicians you will ever see in action. A half assed tax raise was just the most memorable. 
The UK government was already allowed to send people back to Europe, they just chose not to. The people who stayed in the UK were permitted to by the UK government, therefore they - by your own standards - are entitled to call it home.
You said theres no such thing as "good republicans" 


I know plenty. Let's stop with this if you're on the other side you are a bad person garbage.

And you downvote me for calling you out on it? Haha
It's not that I don't care about starving African kids, but I just wonder why nobody seems to care about starving American kids. Because the starving kids won't even make it to college too rack up student loan debt. It's hard to learn when you're hungry.
We should all be making noise to get the most transparent president ever to go under oath and clear the air
They are AMAZINGLY rare, but a handful do still exist if you tread cautiously enough.
You not the only one. Some how I feel this is something to defraud the investigation some how yet I can’t explain it. It’s very unsettling. 
Hot and fresh out the kitchen
Funny thing is it was Bush who put us in the whole and Obama was scrambling to put us back together and when his policies come to effect trump tries to take credit? I cant support a blatant liar and embarrassment to this country. As for what Mueller [URL] silence is deafening.
Personally I hoped the Mueller Report would show collusion so at least I could forgive my family for voting for him.   


Now it turns out they're just wretched people like all the miserable folks on T\_D.
Both sound miserable but a moose sized owl would fucking vaporize you. All while making 0 noise, u just gardening and shit.
trump is living in their brain 25/8

you can find similar posts that have even less to do with anything that can possibly be related to trump somehow being twisted just so they can inject that conversation

these people are unwell
\  The American people are tired of corrupt politicians enriching their families and themselves. 

If that were the case, how do you explain trump? That LITERALLY describes him.
Well they can ban soda if they so choose. Doesn't mean they will not all get slaughtered when they attempt to breach my vertical coffin and take it from me though.

"From my cool wet non parched lips!" 
Ah yes I forgot the golden rule, Feminists don't have a sense of humour. Ok bye have a good shift! I need to get home my girlfriend is cooking dinner LOL JOKE calm down.
Whilst I think we're in for a boogaloo, only Kantar now takes into account age in predicting polls as that's what fucked them last time.

So more so than youth turnout, the cold will hopefully dissuade the elderly, its *lack* of 65+ turnout we should be crossing our fingers for.
The Obama-Trump voters tended to be rich and more likely to be racist, so no, Sanders will not bring them back.
Oh I know I’m not likely to get it, but more transparency firm this administration would be refreshing.,
While we are at it, let's issue new Federal guidelines to raise the minimum A/C temperature of office buildings to 76 degrees. Mine is freezing and it's silly to waste energy making people shiver. 
It was warm here in Lubbock. Are we going to die?
A gay, Trump supporting, Stefan Molyneux wack job. That's a rare breed.
It actually makes perfect sense - a funny lesson in just-so stories, for sure.
Yes, I'm sure we can count on the NYPD to remain perfect gentlemen and be respectful of the protesters' human rights. Their reputation as calm, unflappable guardians of the public safety is legion.

Good call.
You can get c-span for free online
You are free to post any polls you want from any site on the whitelist. Whether they gain any traction or not is another story.
What no, the Schrödinger's cat metaphor absolutely does not hold at the macro scale. It's a memorable image but not representative of his thesis.
	hence how we make fun of the left using “Orange Man Bad!”

Is that phrase used often in this sub?
Yes, but I don’t wish to die since at this point I have people who care about me and I’m happy and shit
Wow that's the most idiotic things I've ever heard!!
Lol that’s pretty tasty 
He is draining the swamp and shining light on the hideous creatures who are striking out at him as hard as they can, or skittering away. They’ll become even more vicious and frantic the more they become cornered and caught.
Calm down, all the ditches are taken...
I love beer too, and what the Dems did to Kavanaugh and his beautiful family is unforgettable. #MAGA!!!
And you’re not wrong either.  It was an idiotic stunt any way you slice it.
The conservative mediasphere is starting to smear her name now because they know she's a threat to them and their money. They need a new boogeywoman bc Hillary is unavailable.
Wet his pants? I’d say he’s pissed & shit the fucking bed
It happens, sure - and in America, we slaughter minorities in their houses of worship with stunning regularity. The fact that it happens does not reflect how we, as a nation, have determined to treat minorities. The same applies in South Africa.
Oh me me! I know this one! The tax cut for the rich allowed them to buyback stocks to inflate their own shares!
Just need those sun soaked uplands now to feed the unicorns.
He’s old AF. Jail? Maybe not. But dying broke? Yea.
So basically it was a very rude way of saying she's not attractive to him?

Not a rape threat how media try to spin it?
Hey, remember when I made those comments saying I understand you feel attacked and a certain part of the sub was unjustly dogpiling you at times, but I also pointed out a couple of your actions that looked really bad and were below par for a moderator?
Republicans literally don't care let alone think its an abomination because they don't believe poor people should have access to healthcare. It is really that simple.
Christ the logic on that page! Literally n=4 and he calls it crystal clear and writes a book on it.

 This reminds me of the essays I used to write in undergrad where the first sentence would always be a play on "since the dawn of man".
Thanks for sharing!
what the f is wrong with the media. why turn their cameras off and miss the best part. I find that whole thing difficult to believe
I bashed on Democrats, too.  That's the whole point of the piece - neither major party is satisfactory.  Actually, I'm a big fan of Dennis Kucinich, and don't really care what he thinks of UFOs because he's a great politician, IMHO.
 a wide-sweeping generalization 

Lmao why do they try to hide behind idiotic talking points like this?
Universal health care and free college are his main running points so stop co-relating things that don't make any sense. So happy you read opinion editorials though...
Excellent, thank you
I did buy the part where he asked why he had to cover a meme as news but that was his only crack in character, likely before the producer yelled in his ear.
How anyone can defend restricting or making voting more difficult is beyond me. It’s like too much of a good thing.
Are you cool with using old people and school buses too?

e: being nice
This is really dumb, honestly. Can we not have rabble rousing BS in here? So many intelligent critiques to be made about wealth accumulation, why resort to this. 

Vilifying business people, the majority of which honestly aren't big time crooks (!), just makes the progressive left look idiotic.
Her decision is quite possibly a perfect example of Mokusatsu.
to be fair, there are plenty of utterly gorgeous, competent people in NYC, he just didn't feature them because they're not as fascinating as these beasts. 
 2020 contender appeared to say ‘look, fat’ after 84-year-old man questioned his age and his son Hunter’s business activities

The Democratic Donald.  Senile, old, angry, draft-dodging, war-mongering, white man.
It's ok. The criticism on Reddit has ruined his life. Which I'm ok with. I like knowing that he's miserable every waking moment of his life.
Rosenstein is going to fry up some tasty latkes for Hanukkah 
He needs some red meat to throw his base, and they really don’t like black people.
Im just waiting for the news report that reveals that they're dealing with the lice by shaving kids bald and putting them in scalding hot showers. Then a bunch of wide eyed gasping about how we "Shouldnt call them concentration camps" despite all the intense rhyming.
Don't know why people are attacking him and accusing him of not paying attention. By "not that long ago" he's obviously refering to the mid 2000s, not last year or something. Back then, the idea of Labour falling to 4th place was considered impossible.
EPIC AND FUNNY!!!

Dumb fucks.
*tips "damaged" tattoo* M'society 
Once you lose credibility, it is damn near impossible to regain it.  As like a Trump tweet, rational people assume Daily Caller to be completely full of shit until overwhelmingly and definitively proven otherwise.
Delicious tears!
Calm down.

The Conservatives, even in England alone, got less than a majority of the vote.

The issue isn't quite so much how people vote, it's FPTP and its "winner takes all" effect
This hell is eternal. Russian corruption has wrapped its piss soaked legs around our executive. 
"I don't want that sort of response by a president. She is petrified, and looks like a deer in the headlights."

Like that time [George W. Bush sat unmoving for 7 minutes in an elementary school]([URL]) after he had been told about 911?

Are you trying to be funny?! I would have skipped a word if not for the red line under each one!
Elaine Chao (the wife of Mitch McConnell aka "turtle") has impeccable credentials. 

turtle, on the other hand, just signed the death warrant of either US representative democracy or the Republican Party. It remains to be seen which.
Hm, I wonder - if they can't keep guns off the very tiny territory of schools, how do they plan on keeping them off even the territory of a state?
/u/eM1Md, and I think his name becomes fairly memorable once you've typed it a few times. It has a certain rhythm to it the way I pronounce it in my head.
Probably call the revolutionaries fags and twirl his real or figurative mustache while fantasizing about singlehandedly destroying the revolution by selling a parched soldier a glass of lemonade. 
His audience may not be acclimated to non-lies, however.  Courteous to give them a little warning before not-lying to them. I guess it's a bit like warning your friends that the lake's cold before they jump in. 


Too bad he still lied.
So genuine question here. How is this any worse than putting [prisoners in prision beating, scalding and starving them]([URL]) instead?
I agree, the faulty left/right spectrum leaves out an important distinction: it's circular - if you go far enough in any direction you will end up in the same place. 

In this case, whatever form of rabid collectivism you choose will lead to the same pile of skulls and utter desolation.
There were enormous nazi flags. Gaslighting isnt going to help you now
So be it then. Clinton has made it crystal clear she doesn't care about Sander's supporters and thinks they will just fall in line. I would sooner have a Trump presidency than vote for Clinton. 
If they were truly socialist, then Strasser wouldn't have broken off to form his own group.

Hitler was an opportunist, he's give you whatever rhetoric he needed to in order to get closer to his end goals.
President Fuckknuckle is probably already asleep. 

"The ratings for this part of the testimony are TERRIBLE! SAD!
hot take: the national gallery of art physical building is a better art work than anything in the building
Chuck who? I swear to God this guy is the most ineffectual wet rag on the “left”.  This is the first headline about him in months despite some massive crises. The Democratic Party needs new leadership BADLY.
Sleepy old Joe
I think these soy boys embrace cuckoldry because it's the only way they can get close to a woman. 

"Sure baby, I'll pay those bills for you AND I'll let you fuck chads all day while I watch. I'm literally the perfect man"
Im saying its an irrelevant classification as it means nothing now. The cold war is over.
You realize they aren't actually bankrupt, right? They're the biggest lobbying group in the US, they have plenty of rainy day funds. 

Also, a thousand dollars? Really? You're either lying or stupid.
Brilliant, how does he manage that then?  Are we going to create a law that the UK can never leave the European Union?

What an absolute clown Corbyn is, how can people support this dullard?
What dark days are these, when Marines are more responsible with crayons than the GOP
Cowardly Keebler Elf is begging for Trump's forgiveness because his spineless inaction as AG has put America down a dark path
So why was it so wrong when Terry Milewski did the same thing to Jagmeet on his connections to Sikh extremism?   You were fiercely against his repeated line of questioning, but now it’s a sign of impeccable journalism when done to Bernier?
Avenatti tried to slither his way into the Kavenaugh hearings and, in so doing, damaged the credibility of Dr. Ford and other potential witnesses. He's an attention whore. Hope he's enjoying the spotlight. 
Personally, it sounds like poor hygiene mixed with STDs taking its toll on this man's anus.
He's Corbyn 2.0. The press will hate him just as much. 

He also doesn't have the imperious quality, degree of separation or cool name that Keir Starmer has.
 Remainers have some twisted views on the world, I suspect they've been manipulated.

A certain bus comes to mind...
pouring one out for my boy, he's in a more orderly place now 😔
I agree with your argument. No matter how perfect another race is (or their AI), I want my race to survive and live our lives free and according to our nature and abilities
Not at all. State exams now make it almost impossible to remove important scientific information, and if not, those same kids will discover it on the internet trivially after school. There's no \*de facto\* censorship.

There is \*de facto\* censorship on YouTube, Reddit, etc. from a left-leaning bent.
Chalupas are delicious though 😂
I'm gonna take this as "Alive and still doing stand up regularly" I'd probably say Anthony Jeselnik. I think he an excellent example of controversial jokes down exceptionally well.
If you want to keep a species from going extinct, make it a popular food item and allow farming of it.   There will never be any danger of  it going extinct.
A broken clock is right twice a day. Dude is still a gigantic monster.
A family friend who is morbidly obese has a heart attack this weekend.  If he wasn’t in Vegas where medical attention is almost instant he would be dead.

Catering the term fat shaming allows people to kill themselves.  It is not compassionate.

A healthy body is not morbidly obese.
There’s a gigantic difference between banning all guns and imposing reasonable restrictions. Just as there is a gigantic difference between free speech and invoking violence or excessive harassment. And no, Trump getting his fragile feelings hurt because the media writes about his corruption and pathetic behavior is not harassment.
She does have a gigantic head, that has to be in the 99th percentile. 
[Thank you for refilling my drink for me, I was getting rather parched.]([URL])
You're sounding quite loud for being 'silent'.

&#x200B;

Now THAT'S irony.
the silver head girl from Avengers is much more memorable and did a much better job at acting than the Capt. Marvel actress did. And I think it's arguable that silver head girl had it more difficult.
It's made a little more difficult by the two party system that is essentially Wall Street Bankers VS Fundamentalist Landgrabbers (if they are even against each other in the first place?) but I'm not convinced those other revenue streams are particularly difficult to slap down.
Oh all right.  For me I've never been with a totally quiet woman.

No reason, just curious.
The people that work with that "list" have families too.  When they start having nightmares of holding their starving child perhaps they'll wake up...  perhaps.
Young women can be extremely sexually aggresive and the song is a good one. My aunt told me that when she started teaching fresh out of college the fast maturing high school guys looked pretty hot and she had to really watch how she interacted.
He's polling under 5, why are you wasting your time? Why would a &lt;5% candidate need to drop out so Warren, Harris, Biden can get to work? Yang isn't hindering them...

Are you scared or something..?
ok, suppose the rank-and-file workers are blameless. Still gonna have to make them stop bilking sick people.
Those laughs at the end are pretty damn unsettling.
WHY HASN'T ANYTHING BEEN DONE TO HIM FOR THE LAST 3 YEARS?

Because he's being protected by a bunch of old assholes. Just because he's making it difficult to place an investigate *does not* somehow mean he's innocent.
Thanks. It will likely not hit the news anywhere until the critical damage has been done.
Should, I'm tired of my fucking tax money going to waste. I'm a LEGAL immigrant, came here in '56. If I had known that it would have been that easy to get medical I would not have become a citizen and paid untold thousands in insurance money.
Think he's losing traction: putting our 1st Amendment and our Right to Boycott and Protest into ANY Executive Order for Any Special *group*[URL] Second and Third is pissing people off.


#AMERICAFIRST
Amazing how they consider the killer to be one of the victims. Let me guess: the fact that he was trying to murder Christians in cold blood makes him a martyr?
Republicans are either the con-men(those in office and/or rich POS wanting tax breaks while the poor go hungry) or the conned which is everyone else in the GOP, those that actively vote against their interests and now are apart of Putin’s team of traitors and cowards. SMH.
That's a very strong reaction to a treat for small children
The introduction of credits to burn fossil fuels is likely to be abused and distrusted from the extremes. Burning natural gas emits less carbon than coal, but it can’t be both counted as an emission reduction for the importing country and ourselves or the carbon reduction math no longer works.
It was dark, all she saw was a large man in what she thought was her flat.
The living slack master, an unflappable slouch. He simply does not give a shit. That is not good for the country though.
The signature from the Sarin gas matches Syrian stockpiles. 

but not the motive

Assad barrel bombed civilians in revenge attacks, he also chlorine gassed them.

He has the motive, he's a blood soaked dictator.
A party is bloody non-functional if the people in it do not vote together. A party is as strong as it is unified.
But you also posted a video of mit fucking romney. You are one of the funniest posters and I do appreciate having something idiotic to laugh about when I come to the sub, which is usually airs on the more serious side of our awful modern political landscape.
Doesn't he look tired?
Ain't nobody "leering" at that ugly cunt.
Economics are hard to explain in a soundbite. Economic education is not good in the states making it easy to manipulate the population into voting against their own best interests. That the right does this is no surprise, but the left going along with it is unforgettable. 
YAF feed is crystal clear

[URL]
The bay area is such a miserable place to be a straight guy
Soon Putin will have a new [URL] far younger and more attractive
Well like has someone kidnapped your child? Or has someone broken into your house while your family is asleep? Or like have Islamic terrorists taken automatic weapons to the gay nightclub down the street? 
Trump did nothing [URL]'s why he won't let any top officials with direct knowledge testify and Repubs won't demand any answers...

So transparent, so perfect. Such typical Republican bullshit.
They shouldn't be allowed to raise children at all
Anytime he promotes a *laugh at this* *sensitive college kid* article remember that a polite, milquetoast wet blanket like Ezra Klein broke Sam Harris' mind into this current permanently triggered-by-the-left state. The IDW functions like a kind of spiritual *battered women's shelter* for the bruised egos of disagreeable middle-aged conservative guys.
It's actually 8:30-5:30, but they legally can't give me more hours without overtime. Still get some overtime though, since I do night shift and need to clean everything. 

Night shift is 12:30-9:30.
Being a dumbass and having dementia aren't mutually exclusive. I think it's likely that he suffers from both.
Cool, lemme go vote to impeach. Is that how it works?
True but I'm kind of tired of moral victories. I want a victory victory :(
Yeah that's all bullshit pushed by you guys. Trump is definitely worse, it's not even close. But good luck in the election, I'm sure Gropey McGee is going to do so well now that his grab em by the pussy catchphrase has become the the most memorable thing about this election. 
It's possible that Kenney and Moe are undecided on their position on separation.  The idea of being able to have better control of your Provinces unique interests is quite appealing. It has worked very well for Quebec.   It's definitely something worth entertaining and discussing openly.
[giant damp pussy]([URL])
They only have one model in North Korea and she is on the state television network so has plenty of work. 
(ugly bird if you ask me)
Their point is that he doesn't have it in liquid assets. Which also isn't that relevant since those types of big purchases aren't made the same way I buy my groceries.
Better buckle up buckaroos.  its like getting tipsy at 9pm on your pregame before the bar.. next thing you know its barely midnight and you are getting driven home by the police. true story. 
Interesting. Why all yhe obstruction of justice, then? If he knows Bolton's testimony will exonerate him, why is he scared of letting him testify?

Donnie is acting like a criminal with the power to protect himself.
Or it could be that he’s incredibly bland and immensely popular with white people and takes on the flavor of whatever’s around him.
Yeah, except when the revolution is over, no more guns so that when the people are starving to death they can’t fight back and regain control of their failed government.
Who mentioned anything about a penis, I meant if you have any sick sexual thoughts keep them in your pants.
Fair point. Hypothetically, do you think that a democrat (from this election's pool) in office would help temper the lashing out? From the left, right, or both? Or do you think Trump is a unique candidate for that situation?
He's a traitor that got people killed. He could have easily been a whistleblower without releasing the names and covers of intelligence services members. He disclosed the ways those services track terrorists, who have since changed how they operate to avoid being tracked.

His hands are soaked in blood. 


How horrific.  I haven't heard of this before.
Maybe the Dems should start doubling down when accused. It couldn’t hurt at this point. As for the Republicans, they’re not all 45. They have skeletons in their closets hideous enough to end their careers. They just need to be exposed. 
in which men in black trench coats pull people off dark rainy streets into Ladas never to be seen again

You mean extraordinary rendition. 
They were allowed to pick from a list provided by Shiff. 

Clown World.
Would be remiss not to include Carlos Lozada's excellent review of the same tract here:

&#x200B;

[[URL]]([URL])
From his performance review in July:

 "Alex is a top 1% military officer and the best Army officer I have worked with in my 15 years of government service. He is brilliant, unflappable and exercises excellent judgment."
Being poor doesn't dispute white privilege. Even white homeless people have white privilege.
This is a fantastic video with the content made extremely understandable. Love it.
She screwed her bun on too tight and it ruined the 2 brain cells she had left.
One trader complained his shirt was soaked with sweat after the early plunge in stocks. 

I love the taste of liberal ~~tears~~ sweat.
Brilliant men..
I was laughing so hard..
Better than late night 😂
Hopefully Matt drives home from the hearing safely without setting pulled over. The man is clearly drunk as fuck. Wouldn’t want him racking up yet another DUI.
The thing is there are too many humans but those birds are going extinct
There’s certain times near the end where he did crack up a bit but still kept on going. He’s a legend
Well the pussies keep voting them in. Don't vote for the mean old racist! Vote for Macron!
Whitey Bulger, sorry. Mob Boss from my neck of the woods. Really nasty guy, implicated in quite a few murders in Boston back in the day.... On the run for Decades. Was caught and went to prison a few years ago. Dead now.
Well he said he wants to bring civility (generally this means keeping the status quo of discrimination just making sure not to say the quiet part out loud so you can act like the victim when called out) & godliness so his solution probably has something to do with more prayer and potentially more guns.
Staff let Biden off the chain in Iowa.  He's ripping into the myth of enthusiasm for Warren, calling Pete out for stealing his healthcare plan, and pointing out he polls best against Trump and is the only candidate with black and latino support. #LetBidenBeBiden

[WaPo!]([URL])
So let’s say I buy a butter knife and stab someone. Is there someway they find out? Is there a unique serial number on a butter knife?
And then took a scalding shower.
It's the only way to make /r/politics even a little bit palatable.
being morbidly obese to own the commies

thinking about it that's like half of the US unironically
KKK was the enforcement wing of the democrat party.

The fatherlessness epidemic in black homes is the result of the  dems policies.
Those were kid [URL] still fit, just a little snug
I think it's time for sleepy Joe to take a long nap until this election is over. Can this guy be any more out-of-touch? I can't stand the idea of him winning the nomination, he is not the future of this country.
Holy shit.  That was an excellent post.
It was the parents of millenials who demanded participation trophies, because they couldn't stand the idea that their crotchspawn wasn't special
Right, but do we need someone who also is thin skinned from our camp?
Those comments from labour members are horrific. I think they are paralysed by Political Correctness, what are the odds there is a disproportionate number of muslim anti-semites using Palestine as a mask? 
Inexcusable.
Why use such hard words. Idiot would be adequate
Thing [URL] had more black support than Lame-ala.  So white people were to blame for Black people not supporting black people? Fuck that noise. You did good to pull the commenter out of that hole. 

Holy shit thanks for reminding us of Shirley Chisholm. Now, one for you: Barbara Jordan.
 Trump was likely going to do it at no cost to the government.

Isn't talk cheap, though? Its easy to promise "no cost" after the opportunity has already been ruled out.
I'm guessing she's been the star of a pee tape with dear ol' dad, likely unwillingly and underage.
I am sorry, i didnt mean to get under your thin, titanium skin, I didnt even know political shill bots had emotions, What a world.
What the frig? Calm down from what, a 2/10 intensity to a 1/10. That comment is exceedingly mild.
 When you have right wing policies that kill, actually kill, people,

the last labour government we had started a war in the middle east where it used cluster bombs and depleted uranium in residential areas. I dont think the left get to lecture the right on deaths.
Jesus Texas it’s all for the good of the cause right /s
Hey call spineless coward Ted “my wife’s ugly Cruz, I hear he’s tight with trump, but remember you voted for them and probably will again, Ah lesson learned????
My grandfather says he is the most transparent President ever too.

But also said when asked he doesn't believe Trump lies much.
Showering yourself in the light of war crimes, that is some ISIS-level barbarism right there.
It's so sad that trumpists only call CNN out for fake news. I am delighted to see people realise that corporate media as a whole is unprofessional, but cherrypicking the outlets you disagree with and leaving out those who support your view is just pathetic.
I've read Manufacturing Consent. the issue is that it's more open and brazen than it's ever been.
 As far as I know, only Greece and the UK meet this figure.

Bulgaria, Estonia, Romania, Latvia, and Poland also. Eastern Europe is pretty awesome.

Edit: [2019 NATO report]([URL])
 I was hoping he just kept pulling sign after sign from a stack until she gets exhausted.

That would be hilarious. It's like a cartoon. Each time she rips up a sign you have another one. 
Yes, Theresa May does closely resemble a hideous space fish.
Isn't it funny that, after 30 years in the public eye, a gigantic television series, and a world reknown brand, it wasn't until he ran against Hillary Clinton that DJT was called a "racist"?

about as long as it takes to defeat climate change by believing it's cold outside
Yeah, bills all over the place to prevent abortion and yet people allow all kinds of crazy things to be done with fetuses - such as freezing them for decades. That's nuts and inhumane. No baby should be born after the parents have died. 
Did you try ctrl+f? It's the pretzel button. Also happy cake day.
A wave is not good enough! We need an absolutely gigantic, mile high, GOP soul destroying blue tidal wave!
The frog does not fear the [URL] [URL] [URL] sings threw it and welcomes the dawn. He does not fear the storm, he breeds in it. God punishes the wicked with locusts and frogs..
This was always the thing that exposed the military-industrial complex as the liars that they are.

When Trotsky was held up in Mexico, Stalin did not destroy the entire damned country, and sprinkle it with depleted uranium until minamata disease revisited man.

He just sent in the goons.

Afghanistan did not attack us.
Grieve is an independent and Soubry is from a tiny party, so there isn’t much they can do to reciprocate. Still, do you not think it’s a bit arrogant to demand that the LDs stand aside for you when you don’t do the same for marginal LD/Tory constituencies?
SF isn't a warm climate
And which were those points exactly? I'm struggling to find one. Was it where you made a claim about socially liberal without defining what measure you're using making it literally impossible for anyone to know what you mean or to prove anything either way? Cause that's not a point.
Calm down, faggot.
I remember some relatives of mine complaining every year about how “unpresidential” Obama’s March madness bracket was. 

It’s almost been a small silver lining that we got Trump directly after Obama. It shows just how crazy different the standards of the two sides are in near real-time.
Makes me sick how "right to privacy" apparently trumps free speech.


I get laws that make it illegal to knowingly spread lies about people (libel), but if it is illegal to STATE FACTS on the internet, then something is seriously wrong


I am german btw
Texans helping Texans? That's why the governor won't use the "rainy day fund" to help? You need the federal government to flip the bill.
 His supporters will be forming terror cells next.

The terror cells were formed years ago. It takes a long time to get people angry enough to throw away life in America just to make some idiotic "statement". 

We need to outlaw Fox News, right-wing radio, and right-wing internet.
When I saw this on my phone I was scared he had died
I think the idea he’s doing this to protect his billions is pretty ridiculous.
 The guys a financial wizard and a billionaire.  He only pays the taxes he wants to - which is true of most billionaires.
Probably the latter. SW films aren't just moneymakers themselves; they're also marketing for other Star Wars products (toys, etc...). If TROS underperforms and leave audiences feeling cold towards spending more money on SW, Disney is likely go see that as a failure.
Outer beauty fades; inner ugly is forever.
[This post on /r/NatureIsFuckingLit is of the most unsettling things I have seen in days.]([URL])  Unironic trigger warning.
Excellent idea. The Chinese have made great advances in this field of technology. Although I have read the AI seems to have trouble discerning darker complexions.
 their current fanbase is delighted by seeing disadvantaged people become more disadvantaged

Some of them are so stupid and vile, that even though they themselves are disadvantaged people, they take delight in becoming more disadvantaged themselves if other disadvantaged people also become more disadvantaged.
Don't put your Sleepy Doctor Voodoo on me! GET BACK DEVIL!
[This is a tasty burger!]([URL])
She really is sort of the avatar of the libtards right now. She embodies everything about them: Extraordinarily low IQ, says the dumbest shit imaginable on a regular basis, believes anything the MSM pukes out their propaganda talking heads etc, and is just a hideous freak both inside and out.
Am I allowed to call him a dumb, fat fucking criminal?
Think again. In between China, the EU and Aus, Im seeing more and more choices for tech services that are not American. 

The main deciding factor is price, and American prices are sometimes too high for small companies to use.
Im all good with it, warm up the ships for a reverse Dunkirk.
Good find. 

His supporters are going to say "This is Liberal fake news" when they see the truth in front of their face.  Trump even tried to deny a coat from a man in the freezing fucking cold weather. God damn.  
Medicare for All polls at over 70% and over 52% of Republicans want it too.
If you dont like how we as a country decide to use our taxes and are in the minority, you are free to protest it.
Delighted by the results from Virginia. Hopeful about Kentucky too. 

Shame about Mississippi but it was always going to be a heavy lift. I am hoping that here in Pennsylvania one of our Democratic candidates wins the Superior Court slot.
Just imagine the irony of it, his smug face getting an honour, whilst every else considers the enormous damage he's done to the country.
Looking at how his support among hispanics rocketed to the 30s, I would say so yes. His response was more than satisfactory to me. Worker exploitation is a good reason for voting nay.  
Shhh! Never interrupt an enemy when they’re making a mistake!

Giuliani is the best attorney ever! Oh woe is us to have such a formidable and brilliant legal mind defending Trump! Not like that boring and lame Jay Sekulow guy.
Faulty switch?

Buy American you cocksucker. 
Bingo!  I'm so glad someone else is thinking.  As of now I don't think the history books will be in his favor and it kills him.  It gives me a warm fuzzy feeling.
It should, but Pelosi knew it wouldn't be, so she kept her powder dry until she had something like this.
So you cant argue for banning me. The burden of truth lies on you not me. Good job. You are truly, a less than adequate mod. 
129? Out of how many in the world? In the UK?

How many in the world don't subscribe to social democracy like these signatories (who aren't all economists)?

**Oh look, here's an ambiguous number of people who support my position so it must be correct** is faulty logic..
It's an unsolvable reality. Creative people tend to be left leaning. 
Sure would be a shame if it happened to be a faulty server... you know how technology can be, I mean just look at Epstein’s cell cameras... yes my friends, technology sure can be fickle...
Definitely the first one.  WaPo mentions he was a home inspector, as does that Facebook profile.  Middle age, chubby, just like the police reports.
 The problem is what was being communicated on it.

You first. What hideous evilness was Hillary communicating on there?
 Because people need to retire? Because people need rainy day funds?

Are you assuming that interest rates would be negative on all assets? 
Where's the fun in having an election if all the opposition are petrified by Gowdy's steely gaze at the first debate?

"Gee, folks, well it looks like I win by default. And you had best believe that right now I am going to start whipping people's asses."
There's also no accounting for taste on a person that wears hideous pantsuits, and has always been insulated by money.   If my husband had been governor, I could launch a career too. 



She'd be the perfect vp
Are we gonna cuddle or are you gonna just roll over and fall asleep like you always do.
Yeah, I didn't really express my point very well above - PFI being initially a Conservative program, subsequently adopted by Blair. 

Probably should have been using small "c" conservative in that second paragraph as well, actually.
So what should be the response from the Labour party when 25 hard line religious extremists from a minority sect that usually self segregates all join at once?

Should they not question that?
If the West had even the tiniest amount of what might be construed from far away behind a tree on a misty night as proof of genocide, they would have run with it and plastered it all over the media *ages* ago.
TIL over 80% off is a "tiny bit."
What about my response was unkind exactly?  I used a word that makes you uncomfortable?  Well, according to your logic, free speech should be outlawed I guess.
They are scared of him so they are picking up his ideas. Technically we are winning but I love the guy so much I hope he wins too.
It's clearly not good enough because we lost and all we have to show for it is our soldiers coming home and blowing their brains out
 This has put a strain on cities, who have invested billions in attempting to find solutions to a seemingly unsolvable problem.  

Unsolvable? People can afford rent in Tokyo, and it has almost 30 million people.

*Build vertically.*
by all means then. kick that ball as hard as you can, Charlie.
Assuming you meant scold. But if you find a video of him scalding them too, let me know lol. 
I'm getting really tired of old white men...
ricin

Much less dangerous than non-functional bombs.  No reason to even track down a suspect.
Clicks = $$   the more outrageous the better journalists are all but extinct, bloggers rule thhe roost now and there is no putting that genie back in the bottle.  Wait until AI starts writing stories, phew!
Eating their own! Delicious!!
Conservatism is about preserving social hierarchies. Whether that is rich and poor, men and women, gay and straight, or of course black and white. 

Jordan Peterson has basically sold (duped) a bunch of teens who would have otherwise been edgy “libertarians” to support paleo conservative ideaology.
Brilliant, I love it!!
They were tiny; not the actual huge bladed turbine
There are atheists born into the Jewish faith you [URL] are allowed not believe in God despite being a Jew, or a Christian or any of the hundreds of religions out there claiming to be the one true religion. Make sure you pick the right one.

Edit. Words
I do.  

I also saw that the PB QB tried to remove G's helmet.  

Kneepads - LOL out loud.
Yes, it's such a shame that money paid in taxes disappears into thin air and vanishes from the economy, never to be seen again.
Set in a small midwestern town with actors (and good child actors) playing characters that could be actual people.
I wish. It'd make this field more palatable.
Wow. Judge Bradley is a family friend and a thoughtful, sane, unflappable person. Giving more evidence that Prosser's abso-fucking-lutely nuts.
I would contest that Buttigieg actually is the most transparent candidate. Denouncing billionaires isn't somehow *more* transparent than allowing them to donate.
But you won’t get stopped by the cops for driving while black. Doctors won’t dismiss your pain due to misconceptions about your race.
That's the problem. As long as the special interests keep paying them  for their positions on key issues and their voters keep reelecting them, there are no consequences.
Apologies - I've been sick for two weeks and my sarcasm radar is non-functional at the moment. Am I missing an implied /s? Because I don't give any specifics in my post. 
In all of your ranting you haven't criticized Trump for leaking. The silence is deafening.
Yeah but like ... In a hot way
Happy birthday, Madam Vice President!
Phuket is pretty, but steep.  I'd recommend [Koh Samui]([URL]).  Not as [visually awesome]([URL]), but [gorgeous all the same]([URL]) and they have that [Full Moon party]([URL]) every month.
An entirely preventable emergency.  Driven purely bad horrific governance.


To paraphrase the dark night:

You are looking for evidence on people who's job it is to uncover, investigate, prosecute and assassinate threats to this country and your intention is to blackmail these people?  Good Luck.
Yeah, this is Lindsay giving a light warning before happily repeating Russian propaganda. Look at Ted Cruz spouting Russian propaganda in defense of Trump after he literally called Cruz’s wife ugly and then tried to say that his dad was an accomplice in killing JFK. 

You can’t make this shit up.
Excellent point, but what they put forth more accurately represents the House, not the full congress.
Muslims cant drink. Getting absolutely battered to the point of being non-functional is just rubbing it in their faces/triggering da libruls.
Obligatory Onion: "[You People Made Me Give Up My Peanut Farm Before I Got To Be President]([URL])": Op-Ed by Jimmy Carter
Why are we primarying vulnerable democrats with people who would lose a general election? That's idiotic.
I absolutely wouldn't consider falling asleep in class willful
that's sick and twisted
No, because I don’t personally agree with relying on funds and services from the federal government in lieu of providing adequate services on the state level, as most states with very low taxes do.

I also wasn’t complaining about my taxes, you’ve mixed your users up.
Not to make light of this point, but that "50% who voted for Trump and don't believe he did anything wrong" are the same 50% who believe in a 6000 year old earth and have a creationist worldview. That's downright scary.
"I say we fight!"


Fuckin' bring it already. I'll give you the proverbial first punch. After that... It's lights out for you. Sleepy time.
They won't be able to. 

They know (Not the Trump Administration, who are clueless on how the economy works) that the economy would be damaged even more if a shutdown happened again. 
Yeah and most people would rather swallow fertilizer than broken glass, doesn't mean you aren't eating shit
Fascinating article, thank-you. It brings up the myriad reasons why Evangelicals should despise Trump. It labels the Evangelical motive for supporting Trump, the hope of outlawing abortion, as a form of idolatry. I never ran into that before. Excellent.
With that statement, she’s not denying the existence or the veracity of the documents.  She’s just unhappy they’ve been leaked.
Why would one person's money be worth more than another's? How billionaires get disproportionate influence on politics is through Super PACs and dark money groups. Individual donations being an issue is new this election cycle for some reason.
Bloomberg is also Jewish though right ? But maybe that would make it even more effective lol, “it’s ok I’m allowed to say it”
Holy Jesus he is gorgeous 🔥
Exactly. Let's remember that we were something horrific like 20 points behind in the polls at the time. All the signs were there that May might have expected to clean up.
Sleepy Jeff maybe gets to take a nap
It's not a Bernie Sanders thread without an obligatory grievance against the big bad media post.
You sound like an angry Albertan, maybe move if you hate it so much?
Let me say Kavenaugh is a gigantic piece of shit who I enjoy seeing go down. With that said I have calendars going back 34 years. It was something my parents started and I continued. It's basically Time Hop before Facebook was invented. 
Tasty salt is best salt.
Ugh I am totally exhausted from having that conversation. These people seem totally unconvinced that a "choice" isnt real if the alternative is terrible. Having sex isnt about avoiding the consequences of not having sex.
I wish. 

My nephew hates piggyback rides.

“I’m only seven,” he says, “maybe if you weren’t so fat I could do it.”
It's not really bloody. The animals get their blood drained after being killed. I think that even a rare steak was hot enough in the center to denature the infectants.
Nah I just love making. Fun of rich bald dudes. Because no amount of cash will ever get them a sexy head of hair and it's hilarious
Its a reference to a quote by george foulkes (i think). He was very annoyed that the SNP were improving lives in Scotland and accused them of 'doing it deliberately'
Ancient knowledge and wisdom... wouldn’t they call that satanic? They praised the Romans... the ones who killed Jesus and then say god bless you? They can’t even keep their own bullshit straight.
Hey, compa. Venezuelan expat here.

I fucking feel like Noah before the flood on social media nowadays. I have crystal clear knowledge of exactly what the fuck is happening, because I've already seen it happen.

And no one fucking listens. It's terrible. 
Someone who is far too hungry to wait to eat until after the meeting.
"We are in grave danger from the Communists. Our freedom, our very way of life, is at risk."

-President John F Kennedy, Call of Duty: Black Ops

Rest in peace Mr. President.
She has insane political views, but she’s also attractive. 

It causes some confusing feelings.
Morrisons do one of those tasty throw every type of meat on top deep pan pizzas for £1 at the moment. Great price.
That's pretty fucking thin skinned. It's a New York caricature.
A very large portion of the Bible is warning Christians about "Christians" who claim to be Christians but do not follow the commandments of Jesus (Love God & Love Your Neighbor) and merely go through the motions and cry about process & Christian seeming.
It's the perfect cover!
To be fair we’ve been wanting a light shon on these Democrat assholes for ages.
Now how do we make it extinct in the rest of America?
Results released by the same doctor who claimed he wasn't obese. 

From what I understand with dementia it's that you have good days and bad days. Also in the morning someone suffering from dementia can be very sharp but as it gets later on into the day they decline.
the good news is that he's likely to hysterically shriek himself into a health-related early retirement.  

but yeah.  the gerrymandering in that "district" is obscene and there's virtually no way around it.
The guy is so transparent.  How anyone could support such an obvious fraud is beyond me.
For some that's a good option.  
But home-boi just convinced doctors he soaked his hands in dry ice & fell asleep to gain free medical precedures that would otherwise be deemed as Non- Elective , or Cosmetic.  
He has Premeditated this fraud. 
Is this medical/ insurance fraud?
Maybe he just needs jail.
Oh pish posh, I wasn't being serious, I was throwing my two cents in for a giggle, just chill out. I'm obviously way more concerned with his dealings with North Korea and his unsettling closeness with Russia and the Philippines 
I lick my lips to make them warm and damp. 
Mitch’s turtle shell is wearing thin
This is ridiculous. It is impossible to be good at managing and remaining poor.

Also MOST people are not poor.

Investing 30% of your income does not mean you cannot buy things.

And as your wealth grows you can buy more stuff.

Also, you are investing in American companies.
Ok, to be fair, the future is EURASIA!!! It's true. Europe + Asia have enormous potential. And they are on one common land mass
It’s ok, the ‘tax cut message’ is close to inaudible anyway.
The Pedosta Bros and their hit song "Jeffreys", with the unforgettable lyrics "Epstein or Dahmer, whateverrr... Jeffreys are better!"
Just more proof that intelligence agencies have placed shills into most major news agencies. Any real investigative journalist would be fully erect while pouring through those emails looking for gold.
Like when Jewish prisoners made faulty rocket parts?
At this point you're just arguing semantics, like if a towel is wet or damp. Everybody would much rather the towel just be dry.
 Minnesotan here. Unfortunately she has shown she supports Maduro in Venezuela which is rather unfortunate.  My Venezuelan friend wrote her letter explaining that people are starving because of him. No response.
BS. But hilarious bullshit. If I was there I would’ve identified as a glass of water and parched them all to death.
while i agree they don't know anything about it, there are some younger memebrs like senator hawley that knows quiet a bit about the internet.
It’s exquisitely hideous. 
 Why is it that the best **Paulites** and Libertarians can ever muster is **name-calling** and bluster?

Oh my *fucking GOD* the irony is deafening.


motivated by tribal conflicts, ethnic tensions, dictatorial tendencies, and faulty governments

Did this happen in a vacuum?
 $7mil in past fundraising goals + current goal of $3mil = $10mil in goals alone.

Plus non-goal fundraising which honestly might make up even more.

I think Yang is looking at $22mil in Q4.

That's hella tasty
Ok. 
Again idk why you wouldn't post this elsewhere considering not a lot of people are going to argue the facts in your post. 
Honestly I only come here for self help content so stuff like this maybe just seems subjectively inappropriate.
*They're scared because he's the most powerful man in the world.*
I'm saying that it is a theory.  At any rate, the FBI received copies of the hard drives which Comey declared were adequate for their investigations.  
it's not infanticide, it's end-of-life care for a terminally ill patient
Too bad Eisenhower was one of the last of a dying breed. People won't even entertain big ideas, like a bullet train from NY/DC to Chicago anymore.
Watch the dirty tricks come out next week
You embarrass yourself daily by worshipping a demented obese old conman.
The irony here is that it's actually "lifestylism" to believe that a proletarian person has to behave in a certain way. It's a basic confusion of what "proletarian" means. Being proletarian doesn't mean poor or destitute, but rather it's a position relative to the means of production.
A broken, non-functional government is just fine with him, as long as he gets to decide which parts to break.  Fuck everyone else, right?

The more Rand speaks, the more you realize he's a fucking idiot.  
I'm so sick of seeing this autistic girls face everywhere.
Drawn with black and gold Sharpie. Someone's wet dream in the WH...
Wow, that's cool!

I had just assumed shelters offer their address for homeless people, but this is pretty great to hear!
Oooooo boy they’re not gonna like hearing this ugly truth at least someone knows it
Dems can and will change the rules when it’s there turn. The pretense of fairness is gone. It’s open Lawfare at this point.
No, that would ruin his faulty argument
Its not a war they aren't competing they all of offer different products and shows big monopoly shit
If I remember correctly, solzhenitsyn actually describes how they kept the carnivores fed at the zoos in the major cities in Soviet Russia. Food was scarce so why not use the local gulag to feed the carnivores? After all, you have to be inventive in order to be successful.
"Billionaires are actually poor" is my least favorite new meme of 2019.
How are they “sucking the middle class dry”?
Maybe if everything Trump said or did wasn't twisted and spun into a negative story he wouldn't have to hijack the celebration for a rally.   Alaska... it's not too late to see you back to Russia, you know?
It's not for Trump to worry about.  It's for other conservatives and fox news to make it palatable.  Trump gets to make or back away from stupid ideas just to seem decisive.  He doesn't have to feel the consequences, consequences are for everyone else.
Again, the only context that matters is the context around the statement.

She attacked him, he called her nasty.

[URL]

 unpleasant and unkind

You're running yourself in circles dude. Nothing you're saying here has any substance.



Because people love to be angry and feel self righteous to point out petty crap like this. It’s “woke” culture, and battle of the most oppressed - people want to be victims of every little perceived injustice.
Its been a HARD 3 years....
True it's a huge problem, one that may be unsolvable. 
Aw fuck, you too? Man everyone is having some nasty boating accidents. Just last week I lost all my guns ammo and my damn sword
is anyone else getting really sick of these inhumanly toxic Right Wingers blatantly lying to our faces every day, and insulting our intelligence with their constant bad faith behavior?
 Though I would like someone with to explain what would happen if/when some sort of crime against another group occurs deliberately, in an ideal scenario.

Same thing that happens between states/nations nowadays (e.g. north korea). Most disputes would be unsolvable and ties would be cut between the two communities. 
that'd be sick
It's okay. They're unflaired, and they said that everything unflaired people say is invalid. So not everything that unflaired people say is invalid. And that's perfect since their statement is definitely valid.
Those photos will probably look great when they get developed. Large format is great
He's quoting Mike Huckabee, he didn't write this himself.

Feels dirty to check his actual twitter feed, but it's there
Don't confuse them wanting to publicize what probably is the most memorable part of the debate to generate website hits with their support of Clinton, she got a ton of hard questions and Anderson was pretty tough on her for dodging questions - I didn't get the impression they were favoring anyone.  
 Those polls were surprisingly accurate and the final result was within error.

All of those idiotic polls said Hillary was going to win a week before she lost in an electoral landslide of historic proportion
safety

No.

three meals a day

Citation needed. 

warmth 

Facilities have been described as either freezing or sweltering. 

a bed to themselves

A blanket on the floor.
It was a slight of Hoover, because he was a piece of shit and damaged this country badly. Good projecting, you lefties have 100 years of practice, your fucking defending what is essentially the American NKVD and calling me an authoritarian. 
“We save a fortune by not doing war games, as long as we are negotiating in good faith – which both sides are!”


So giving our military realistic training is not important, but a gigantic parade is? 
He’s gotten quiet lmao. He has absolutely nothing left.
see i'm calm about pete stuff. But RNC and Trump outpacing DNC and democrats generally is where i'm not calm. Even if it's the DCCC, DSCC, and DLCC are outraising, it's still scary b/c of the coattail effect.

$300 million is a lot of fucking money.
Slippery slope unavailable for comment.
Adam Schiff is a dragon. He looks extremely calm and composed, but if you get on his nerves, and this happens only for important things,he will go full Drakarys.
I for one am sick of them and their strong work ethic
Good story.

I was actually surprised and delighted that there were not more Kim Davis wannabes.
Well, one question, in the spirit of good conversation. Was that (picture of Obama) made by a foreigner and blasted all over mainstream TV, applauded and lauded as if it were good and right and perfect and good for America?
Again, *not* taking an action is not a value judgement - it is returning to neutrality/impartiality.

Sophistry. You know full well that private charity will not (outside weirdo libertarian fantasies) replace state aid.

Your stance is unkind.
It's completely inaudible.
They are literally trying to revise history to make demonrats look more palatable. Because history shows that they're a bunch of racist, bigoted, slavery loving monsters.
The superpreaditor thing was a mixture of the times and also mediocre reporting.

If this is the case then Bush Senior being sexually inappropriate is just a result of his era. 

Which I don't for a moment believe. 
Who says Biden is a mediocre debater? 

He held his own in the 2008 primary stage and killed it in the VP debates both times. I’d argue he’s easily the strongest debater on the stage.
The jews could have 100% turnout and muslims 10% and there would still be more muslim voters. 

Feel free to look up the exact figures, but I'm gonna guess Jews 68% Muslims 47%
In Kentucky without the church run food bank, 700,000 Kentuckians would literally be starving to death. [URL]

No, those numbers aren't inaccurate. Mitch and others have also tried to stop the churches from feeding the poor.
Let's meet half way; let the liberals go extinct
I usually think of comic strips, even the socially-aware ones, as capable of getting their point across with some sort of humor... biting or sardonic or whatever. Your linked comic reads as though it's one panel short and missing the one thing that would make it memorable.
Not that I've seen. Seems like with all the Facebook detectives around, we would have had them plastered all over.
Another direction, Brook Benton.

A Rainy Night In Georgia...

[URL]
More tipsy than a tilt-a-whirl! 
The point being expressed is that Scotland's problem with drugs is unique to that of the rest of the UK and may require a unique solution. Something hampered by centralised drug policies.
Yes, and that especially unique line of washing powder
Trump has crazy tight margins as it is. If Amash pulls away people that would normally vote GOP but care about the alleged corruption surrounding Russia/Mueller, then Trump may lose.
We have to clean up the schools to stop the libtard infection.
Obligatory r/breadtube
Sad thing is Beta Robert almost took out Ted Cruz last election.  Why do people support these power hungry loons?
Also Japan is a group of islands with a culture that is the very definition of patriarchal. On a cultural level, cities are spotless and families are whole. If you want to make our society more like Japan then have at it, but strict gun control is a result of many fundamental differences.
Imagine trying to make a point and you see him just making that face... brow furrowed, mouth slightly ajar. Waiting to pounce. Horrifying. 
Seriously.  You could park a Yukon in those pores...

And WHY does his mouth always look like he just gave the Stay-Puft man a BJ?  Its unsettling.
A quick google search shows several presidents that left the office in debt.  That aside though, this is truly a bipartisan issue, as both GOP and "Leftist weirdos" in congress are filthy fucking rich and it ain't from their office salary.
No worries at all fellow patriot.  I've gotten so used to leftist emotional attacks, I'm unflappable.  You were understandably right in what you were saying.  Simple misunderstanding cleared up by calm communication.  Glad to be apart of this crew.

No brakes!!!
It's not a loophole to pass through losses on bad years to lessen tax burden on good years, that's ridiculous - it's a fairly fundamental part of our tax code (and tax codes in most developed nations)
The country is being bled dry by sanctions and will collapse when we move away from oil. All that other shit stops mattering when people are too hungry to care to go to work.
He complained about "liberal" whites. If you lurk around the alt-right subreddits, they do the same. They are unhappy because a good portion of whites do not agree with them. So they hate them too.
I agree he knows something is coming out (IMO) about the dnc leak. Roger stone mentioned the dnc hack on sleepy eyes show today. Chuck wanted nothing to do with it. 
Awww, they said unkind things on social media
You're being very vague on your secret recipe for earning little and still being able to save for a long rainy day.

The people I know that earn very little but seem to save a fortune all have one thing in common... they still live with their parents 😎
Objectively, Beto hit the equivalent of two grand slams and basically won both this race and the presidency in one debate. Ted Cruz's chubby cheeks were basically quivering the whole time and at the end he broke down in tears sort of.
I hate to break it to you but it’s not unique to the conservatives:


[URL]
I have PCOS so produce more testosterone than I need. Would be more than happy for it to be redistributed under a mutual aid scheme
Why the fuck indeed.

Even if you bend over backwards to grant the "no collusion" angle, we know damn well the US interfered over and over. Why the fuck would you have any sort of warm discussion with them? 

- the rest of the world
Scalding hot take
What do you do with someone like this?

Obviously not make him President but they are a completely damaged human being that will do nothing but cause more damage to others

WTF do we as a society promote these horrible individuals to positions of power?
It has never been litigated because impeachments are so rare but, logically, they would expire at the end of the congress like everything else a house does such as pass a bill or if they decide to lock up people like Bolton for not testifying.
Why won't the dirty dems let us turn this impeachment inquiry into a Biden investigation???2?2?2
My mind is twisted. If you want to gibber in abject existential terror, think about what a "Prince Eric" might be.
Well isn’t that special. dorsey is proving to be a bigger twat than I thought possible. Don’t they screen applicants ffs? 🤦‍♀️
I never said we shouldn't detain them.  I think the hot button item right now is that we're separating families.  I think if we at least kept families together and kept the conditions sanitary people would calm down.
Please, call yourself a conservative and draw attention to the fact that Republicans are anything but. I am a progressive, but I recognize the need for conservative voices in politics. We need to make crystal clear that the GOP is *not* the party of conservatives.
Calling someone ugly is a form of harassment.

It makes T_D look shallow and unkind.

There are plenty of sound, logical reasons to criticize April. 

Is anyone ever going to read a statement like that and think "they're right, now I want to MAGA"?
Every republican looks well put together. Every Democrat looks like a crazy cat lady or a fat old sleezy new Yorker slob
Gotta fight hard to keep the lid on tight when you're running an underground human sacrifice ring.
The Judge retires to his chamber thinking about nighty clad moms dual wielding fully suppressed MP-5's. He sits at his desk, pouring himself a double of Chivas. "Lord forgive me, but......" as he pulls his robe aside and unbuttons his Dockers. He did this for the Second Amendment.
Enormous if not erroneous
I am confused, by this. In the first half he says crypto is bad because it is based out of thin air .Then he immediately praises it as facilitating illegal behaviors. 

It seems like he changes his mind mid tweet, very erratic. Does he love it or hate [URL]
Wait, what’s funny here?  I watched a couple of minutes, and it was cutdown episodes of the Mandalorian.
You guys are all so scared of russia... meanwhile this lady has been brainwashing you for years
If you have free trade, it doesn't matter.
I guess we are done, you obviously can't keep up with a discussion about immigration, it's effect of  host nation, why people don't like immigration in general, and historical aspects of large numbers of people in a small geographic area.
international  and foreign fans are allowed to make calls, just not donate money or but official merchandise. Individuals hosting phone banks abroad is legal and is not comparable to foreign governments pushing propaganda and funneling money into candidates.
Yet they are determined to avoid it and have bent over backwards to do so.
So "What is white?" failed so hard we have to play "what is black?". I don't care, Africa is 2x bigger than the US they can sort it out themselves.
Zero delegates for Biden is perhaps too much to dream for unless he really tanks in a public setting. 

There are going to be some districts that like him. It doesn't have to be 15% statewide.

But 4th place and 15-20 points off the lead would be pretty cool.
Bernie supported antiracist and LGBTQ fights  in times it was almost electorial suicide to be those things. 

He's one of the few people who are not power hungry who actually has a shot of making HUGE changes.
Savage tribes of ghouls in the ruins of Sunderland worship a fridge into which ancient legends tell a mighty god once disappeared and from which one day it is believed he will return
I don't believe that any problem is truly unsolvable. 
Holy fuck, I just clicked here on mobile and wondered what the flyin frack was happening ... thanks for this comment! I’m too tipsy to have tried to figure it out myself! 
This is dumb. The rich use real estate to show losses so that they don’t pay taxes. Such financial illiteracy. It’s stunning. None of this is even remotely surprising.
It’s damaged yes but it’s wrong to say it’s not functioning
Nigel has said that Boris should ditch his deal and just pull out cold turkey.
I’d disagree that the bank robber should be charged with murder (yes I’m aware that that is current law)

But also I’d find it a very hard case to argue that an action is murder if sans that action said human would never have existed in the first place
There was some witness testimony that she was heard screaming "let me in."  This disputes stories that the door to the apartment was ajar. It's been a bit of a mess. 

Also, Happy Cakeday! 
Everything W gets Blame/credit for. Cheney and Rumsfield did most of the dirty work
 Yup. I vote straight Democrat

I mean that's not really saying anything though. Voting Democrat doesn't make you progressive either. It might be our most-left major party, but it's still pretty damn far to the right.
As he was dragged away by Capitol Police, he could be heard yelling "DNA Force Plus is the perfect formula to help you support optimal energy levels while adapting your body to handle the daily bombardment of toxins!"
Im sure he loved it. 

These guys don't give a fuck about decorum.

Its just a cheap talking point
they are only smears WHAR THEY AREN'T TRUE, fucking level of idiocy from republicans right now is stunning.
It may not be that rare. I think we're all just more exposed to the narrative that extremism is everywhere, which surely does have the character of a self-fulfilling prophesy to a degree, but it's probably not as bad as we're told.
A spectacularly rare occurance! Well done
And these new light bulbs make me look orange.
The cutoff for obese at his height is 240 pounds and his doctor clocked him in at 239.

Literally state propaganda to ensure us that our dear leader is the model of physical fitness.
I love the little mini-zone that encompasses Sequim, Port Townsend, and central Whidbey Island. It's incredible how much less rainy it is there compared to the surrounding areas.
Seconded, that's too good. And here I was thinking Bible-Thumper was satisfactory. 
That sub is sad and hilarious. Someone fucking said this: "Sexuality doesn't exist and is made up by Jews." WHAT THE FUCKKK
He was parched. Just needed another drink.
It's almost like Democrats understand that an incredibly small sample size does not provide adequate representation of a much, much, much larger population.
nuclear is unique in that the devastating effects it can have on the environment and people that can last for hundreds of generations.

no other source of power generation can knock out a habitable area for centuries

thats why its crucial for investments into nuclear technology to create meltdown free reactors like liquid thorium.
The fact that he donates his salary and has lost a large chunk of his fortune trying to save our country from rabid leftists hell bent on destroying it. If trump did anything even debatably corrupt don’t you think BM would have told us?  He’s gotta be fucking squeaky clean
Yeah.  Her national approval is low.  The strung out commies in her district probably approve.
Terminally Ill Trumpregrets denied health care could really dispense some quality vigilante justice on lawmakers who give them a preexisting condition death sentence.
We were at lunch and it was on TV and every other line of the close caption was “ inaudible noise” when we was talking.
The maintenance people at Boeing making 40 bucks an hour (assuming that's an actual, real number) do more to deserve that money than all the shithead upper management types who get gigantic salaries *and* bonuses for dreaming up cost-saving measures that have killed hundreds of passengers and crew.
If the number of people voting for Stein and friends had voted D in the battleground states, the country would still have cleanish air today. 50,000 foolish souls picked Stein in PA.
honestly, he's gotten a little chubby in recent years- so it really depends on whether you find [this]([URL]) endearing
Open up wide an receive my progressive agenda!!!
Understand what self defence you cave dweller. 

&#x200B;

If the nasty Nazi hits you first ***then*** you can wail on them.
That's like us saying a significant amount of pro choicers are pro death. Reducing the dialogue to "hot takes" and calling each other names helps no one, least of all the women and unborn.
Cinco de queso sounds tasty 

#mycultureisnotyourcheesesauce

Um yes it is.  Mexico equals nacho cheese to me
Or, if you're desperate, "cold warriors that need a new war."
Remember that time that EU special forces shot down an unarmed civilian airliner?
The ancient greeks kept slaves and buggered children, and only allowed men to vote. Their principles can do one.
This makes me like him even more. 

It’s insane to think about how many Americans do not have access to clean drinking water. I know it seems like it’s something that’s already established but it isn’t.
Calm down Karen I misunderstood your meaning
It's sad times out there. Profiles are all so generic and bland. Then you finally do match with an attractive person who seems interesting, but it's just a bot trying to get you to pay to view their profile on some other site.
The CCP could not care less whether the RF looks good or bad. Really. The latter are not remotely of interest to the PRC. I can't believe you think the CCP would give a toss about this
Hungary also romania transilvania czechs awesomey beautiful countries gor vacation. East europe has the most gorgeous girls also.
Big Pharma has made enormous advances for treating someone who has issues like yours.
Cheap beer is better than cheap wine, so beer
Someone could get pretty much forced into duel. Also drunk people could make a decision like that so no.
That, my friend, is a thin blue line.
Agree that he will need a break out moment at some point,but I would not say it absolutely has to be the july debate. He should make the September debate. The field will thin out by then, making a break out moment more likely.
Lol. You mean had she not been corrupt af and literally colluded with Russia for the Steele dossier, and rigged the election in her own favor by conspiring within the DNC to make Bernie's path impossible. 

She was an entitled and horrific candidate. That's why she lost. 
Do you have a response to the person who replied first, regarding the constitutionally mandated co-equality of the branches of government?  That was a very non-rabid explanation of how government works that I’d be delighted to get your take on.
No, nuclear needs to be added wherever practicable.

 before every chance at *correcting* climate change has been exhausted.

Even if we stopped all emissions today the planet would still warm for decades. We won't be able to 'correct' it.
'Executive privilege' - That response ruffled an usually unflappable Goldman
And that is why society is fucked, and socialism is the future. Because you make capitalism look shitty. I wouldn't want yiur shit mindset. 

Like your life must be miserable.
There's a genuine sociopath in action. She's so committed to the fraud that she's unflappable with her grade school logic.
And yet you live in a society. Curious. I am very intelligent.
Your boss sounds like a real sick duck.
My Facebook and Instagram have been miserable today. You'd be thinking women are being slaughtered in the streets the way people are overreacting.
Several are still polling in low single digits and are still running, it's a joke.
The only thing “developed” in America are the smart phones the ignorant electorate carries

America is just another third world country now with the majority of the country wanting progress and the guardians of Putin wanting America to be a white ethnostate or preferably be annexed by Russia
Would open carrying an antique rifle be in poor taste at said Jan 20th rally?
It's not, this presentation relies upon at least one terribly faulty assumption. The ballots state by state have different laws for write in candidates and the   construct falls apart along those mathematical lines, never mind the staggeringly unlikely statistical probabilities. 
The comment was talking about how certain people like Prussia/Imperial Germany way too much. So I asked what was so wrong about it.
That is a nice outfit. I want to have dinner at her house and fall asleep on the couch from food comatose
You’re literally pulling shit out of thin air.
You know what else is funny? Turning Point USA posting memes that say the avg police response time is 7 mins v the 2 secs to use your own pistol.
We're all autistic....
It's a "gift"?
That's the latest I heard in her defense in that regard. I believe I was watching "slightly offensive", Elijah is always hilarious. 
 He was dressed up as Greta .... brilliant stuff.
Because the other analyses aren't braindead retarded.  Raising taxes is directly correlated with dropping GDP.  It's first-year economics.  

Bernie literally relies on unicorn math to make his plan sound palatable.  
Like using a damp cloth to wipe the server? 
I would love to make sure that imbecile Leland Yee chokes on a scalding bowl of That inhumane shark fin soup he worked so hard to defend. 
Not only that.... fuck him for being a gigantic twat. 
This are some scalding quotes. No way Trump and Co. survive this, right? Right guys? 
Their breakfast is pretty tasty from time to time, it also brings me back to when I was a kid and loved [URL] lol
“Murdered by words” translates to “orange man bad orange supporters evil idiots”

Hell
We want them because they’re man killers. We need to be more open about this. 

I have an AR15 specifically because it scares the government. That and they’re fun as hell to build and shoot.
That’s pretty good money considering he has zero acting ability.  He should be grateful that capitalism dolled him such a nice hand in life.
Andrew Scheer

he is as boring as watching paint [URL] at least he might negotiate properly with Trump
He has the charisma of a damp rag and the appearance of a low grade bank clerk
Trump chumps fall for this publicity stunt on Twitter despite the fact that terminally ill babies in our nation will be fucked more by his crappy healthcare policies.
So to sum up "you will not be allowed to be competitive against us" - walking away looks like how it all ends (although that has always been the case)
I hope they become extinct and we get a sane conservative movement. I'd like to have a worthy opponent as opposed to these evil, batshit insane conservatives.
Nah, this is better than [URL] for fraud and corruption, then civil forfeiture, take all his assets, leave him  and family destitute and penniless and working for minimum wages at Wal Mart.
*\(sniff\)* "That's my Donald!" *\(wipes tear from flabby cheek with chubby hand\)*

\- average Trump supporter
McConnell was aware of how much Russian money had been pouring in to the GOP. He wasn't just playing politics. He was specifically trying to stop any public interest or spotlight on Russian money in US politics because he was aware of how much Russia already owned the GOP.
Whatever floats your boat, man :-)  Snug would imply the exact opposite.
Me too. He's my favourite of the candidates who've declared so far. Keeping an open mind during the campaign though.
You're standing outside, naked, in a blizzard.

You put a pair of socks and a scarf on.

You tell your body to stop complaining because you ARE doing something about freezing to death.
It's not about having an economy large enough that everybody can enjoy it. It's about having an economy small enough that they can fit it entirely in their pocket and leave none for us
I'd say about 1%. Very unlikely. But hell, we have Trump as president. Anything is possible.
And we all know that the USG has a spotless record of honesty, compassion for humanity and rights for all of mankind. The one great light in a sea of darkness is the results of the policies  generated from  the U S Congress.
Rumors can be fun to think about and how they may play out, but I’m not even spreading any of those right now. I want this to be air tight and true. 
My mind is racing though!
Tulsi is more likely, have you seen her workouts?

Plus she's current military
Quiet, Tim.
I'm 47 and reading the news every day makes me feel like someone new died. 

My mom is 70. She is also the most stable, rational, got-her-shit-together person I know. I now get the occasional tearful, tipsy text message from her regarding current events, which is FUCKING UNPRECEDENTED and deeply distressing. 

hot.
She is such a cuck for the Clinton machine. "There is no evidence to support (the deleting of emails)". 

Really??? What about using fucking hammers on phones? And wiping servers with bleach soaked cloths?

And of course she gets tons of time to rant. 
justice boner is making my skull tight.
Pete's fan base are much more for the taking than Biden's because if they've not left Biden by now its gonna be hard to get them. I wonder if Yang thinks Biden is gonna drop out and that's why he's being extra nice to Biden?
Let me guess, the large corporate farms are getting the majority of the overpay and small family farms are get checks for about $3.50
\ Implying she only gets drunk off vodka on certain occasions...
Well given the baseline is a total fucking catastrophe for Labour, I’m fairly certain almost anyone, even Parliament’s stupidest man Richard Burgon, could have made it closer.
Amazing Stetler hasn't bent the knee. He is determined to go down in  blaze of glory.
A union movement is a delicious idea. They won’t like that one bit! 
Nah, biochar could actually put enough of the genie back in the bottle to avert catastrophe.  


It would require a gigantic change in the economy but hey, if the alternative is two to the back of the head in 30 years, I'll take it.
Fuck our country. This makes me sick.
Well, the statement "I don't care how well they prepare" for temperatures just below freezing is ridiculous, and irked me enough to actually reply. 
The roar from the left when McCain/Palin used targets in their political ads was deafening.

That's all, just targets.  No violence, simulated violence, or simulated severed body parts.  Just targets.

The legality of being unkind was never in question.
I’m so tired of the Yang getting associated with Tulsi. I don’t want the drama.
#OH GOD MINE ISN'T I'M TOO EXHAUSTED FROM ALL THE WINNING
Also, since inflation tries to be about 2% each year, does this mean the federal government literally prints enough money to cover lost or damaged currency, and then additionally creates another 2% of the total number of USD on top of that?
Please and Thank you. I remember literally yelling out loud to the air how NC was being totally forgotten in 2010. I tried my best but here we are...
This "news" has been floated more times than the Sleepy Jeff kooks saying he was going to be the "Silent Executioner".

Ms. May has clearly gone against the people's expressed will. So, yeah, it shouldn't be a discussion.
Im kinda parched 
agree, it's ridiculous that instagram treats people who aren't white males this way, i wouldn't necessarily call it woeful but if you feel woe at such an injustice, i support u
Trump definitely did crimes, and it seems like a safe bet there's damning information in the report, but it is entirely possible a thorough investigator could write a 400 page report documenting all the steps they took, leads they followed, and avenues they exhausted over the nearly two years of investigation. 
About time, get out the popcorn and watch the sparks fly it is going to get ugly.
All that money and just one tiny ass monitor.
3 out of 4 members of ThE sQuAd are knockout gorgeous, and yet the hottest one is overlooking Bernie. We are so blessed.
Congress is the key to both of these, and a great many other things too.

Absolutely nothing meaningful can happen with an effectively non-functional congress.
I hate how effective this "Purge" commercial is. So unsettling. 
C-span callers are like a cigarette after sex or a warm cup of coffee in the morning, just a nice little reminder you're alive (and surrounded by zombies).

Refreshing really.
people want to believe their own bullshit to confirm whatever idiotic theory about china they have. like saying china is export reliant when only about 18 percent of the economy is based off exports. that is significant but a majority is greater than 50 percent last time i checked.
The cool thing about my relationship with Amash is that I **respectfully** disagree with his positions. Cannot really say that about anyone else who ran as an R in '18
NC here. Most everyone here is Pro Trump, which is really nice. Good luck wherever you are. I hate that you have to be wary of others possibly destroying property. Looking forward to 5 more years under GEOTUS!
They why are the dems so scared of the investigation being reopened
CNN: Trump could learn a thing or two from North Korea's spotless roads and infrastructure!
In other words, "let's keep this technology unavailable, in case it will lead to laws we don't like."  Yeah, that'll work.
Is Yang's team targeting people with lots of followers like this in hope of getting tweets. If so, brilliant!
The Byzantine withstood the fall of the Roman Empire and being a sandwich between all the Islamic conquests and ensuing crusades just to get wiped out by the goddamn ottomans 

Ottoman Empire can suck my diiiiiick.

Funny how I care way more about this ancient history then Israel or Palestine , I dunno why
Economics is a social science regarding how to manage scarce resources
Sucks so much to look at 2500 year old tradition with branches worldwide including a healthy + thriving western community and decide there’s no way you could understand it or *gasp* take part authentically... because you are white.
Make those damned RINOS extinct! Vote 'em out of office.
I yield and admit trepidation upon the whole matter. 

[URL]

The issue has not been concluded, but I understand the fear. As I said before, it is not crystal clear yet what path this will take the country, but it might become a military dictatorship yet.
Yang's silence on condemning radical North Korea was deafening
All else being equal, would you say that more democratic decision-making processes about scarce resource allocation are better than less democratic ones, as you seem to about other large-scale human decisions?

No. Resource allocation is best done by the market with government intervention when necessary. 
Because he's already been talked about in 2016. His campaign is pretty identical to that one, he's not selling anything new. That's why Warren is such a darling even if her message is relatively the same as Bernie's.
There is a moral, if you try to please everyone you’ll just make yourself unhappy and please none.

It’s an Aesop fable

[URL]

I have a book of them and read a few to my daughter every night.
I think you just wrote the cold open for this week's SNL.
The kind of cheap trash that has cost America bigly.
Is this the hard hitting journalism we expect from MSNBC? The feelings that a 50 year old got from the office? This isn't high school, she's a grown-ass woman with a Harvard degree, and it's embarrassing that MSNBC would continue to have someone that vapid as a commentator.
You underestimate Canadian's snug superiority complex over American's horrifying and sadistic healthcare system.

Our system needs a lot of work but Jesus Christ you guys have it rough.
Awww, did they say bad things Donald? Does that hurt your feelings? Here's some Russian mob money to cheer you up, now go play golf.
This is just too delicious.
I think this is an even more satisfactory answer than what I had hoped for.
In favor of Progressive Fines: rich ppl can pay fines more easily than poor ppl so they should pay more. 

Against: your wealth doesn’t change the severity of a crime so it should not change the amount of the fine.
They did a massive review a couple of years ago and it was horrendous. Silos left open, unguarded doors left ajar, they'd order take away in, security nightmare. These are the old icm stations where the launch codes were 000000 
A milkshake for a milkshake makes the whole world delicious
They're petrified.
Basically, they have drop boxes all over too, but knowing Portland all those votes are soaked in Bum pee.
I noticed this is one of the things Kamala’s supporters are most upset about re: Warren. I still think Warren is sincere about tackling the Wall Street and the wealthy, but I won’t be surprised if her particularly gung ho position about big dollar fundraising was also about kneecapping other senators.
Figures it would be in California. I can't wait to leave to Nevada for good.

This is why i don't understand gun free zones. If the govt isn't going to protect people, we should have the right to defend ourselves.
I did look before posting. If it was in a daily thread that’s something else, I was looking for the article itself and as a post. I wasn’t making any accusations about the sub or users at all, someone pointing me in the right direction would have been perfect.
I expect to hear all about this next Thursday.

* I'm getting a feeling that my gene pool is so shallow it could be soaked up with a kitchen sponge.  
Yet another great idea! So unusual - perfect for the Super Bowl!
I don't mean to get on your case.  It's just a very ugly word to call a woman.  I think we need to be above words like cunt and bitch here.

Fuck Bernie Sanders.  Fuck Tulsi Gabbard.
Welcome him to the dark side and move on.
it's because "owner" is singluar, not plural.   

/r/ActualLiberalGunOwner  

Kinda silly. Makes it sound like he's the only *real* liberal gun owner.
Yes, seriously.  They're about to fight extending unemployment (in FUCKING WINTER) and are perfectly willing to spend 14 billion on NEW nuclear weapons.  So they'll either kill people by starving them and/or freezing them to death, or blowing them up.      
I hate that this is basically the motto of the USA atm. 

The level of dissonance is deafening.
It isn't just about her dying. Its about her frame of mind. A chronically and possibly terminally ill person is not fit to sit at the drivers seat of the biggest bus on the planet. 
But... your fat, and I like your hairy legs..
- Probably Biden
None of this would be possible if you hadn't voted in 2018.

say this to your trump voting friends too
yep.  I don't think Americans are buying it though.  It's just that most Americans are being quiet about their disagreement because they don't wanted to be shouted down by REEEEing lunatics.
He was. They threw the bottle at him (the flag guy), his friend stepped up to try to calm things down and the skinny fat guy sucker punched him while his bf sprayed the bear spray....

Watch it again.
Apparently [my post]([URL]) reached #1 on /r/all and I was asleep for it.
Except they are super unavailable and the average user cannot install one. The restrictions worked. Not one shooting has had an automatic weapon
Thanks for engaging with me today, it reinspired my faith in society to a certain extent! Nice to meet you
After reading this, I have looked at my urethra, and decided that its location is mostly satisfactory to me.
No they were outraged. If they were cheering for that explain the deafening Bernie chants immediately after. Please explain it, I'm curious to your interpretation on this one
Their infrastructure was severely damaged when they got bombed and kicked out of Kuwait.

You think stable oil production is bad for Iraq? 

Why are you so afraid to answer that?
ROI for hunting is nonexistent except in like, Northern Alaska where food is scarce.
Anyone who witnessed that must be petrified of the US military.

I'd be telling stories to the children that they were gods sort of like the movie Stargate if I saw that event happen.
Fat posting:  I’m pleasantly surprised by Burger-fi’s fried chicken sandwich.  On par with Chik-fil-a, better than McDonalds.  Still need to try Popeyes.
As they should. Candace Owens is a conwoman.  I’m not saying all conservatives are the TPUsa conservatives, all I’m saying is that level of grift is unique to the right.  There is no Charlie Kirk equivalent on the Left.
UAE is by a large margin our most pragmatic and rational neighbour in the ME.
this isnt a sport game. of course it's dry.
Hillary should say loud and on Fox that "Trump's only chance to survive this impeachment would be to defend himself in the Senate trial, but he probably won't do that".
 What a pussy

He's a coward.

Big strong alpha high IQ muscle man according to his supporters, turns out, just a big worthless coward.
If it's for safety, why the fuck are they buying non-functional guns? Makes no fucking sense.
A large fraction will follow him as he's the hero that won them Brexit.

And all his campaigns for PR will achieve is siphoning off labour votes in the North and guaranteeing a pile of Tory seats.
 So on the way home from work I just tell Siri to call Congress, she asks if I want House or Senate, I tell her, boom.

Brilliant!  It's a totally personal way to engage with government.  I love it.
"I'm resigning because my stamina has been depleted.  Who knew being the president of the most powerful country in the world would be so hard?"
The age of mass migration was still under a controlled border.   

Is that your version of “open border”? If so, I’m thinking there’s a definition issue.  

That was a mass, yet moderated and controlled, immigration.

“magat”? This is interesting
We're in dark times.
Yes, increasingly non-functional and vacant executive level government is so successful.
The unredacted report is unavailable anywhere (other than behind closed doors in the DOJ).
To decrease drunk driving fatalities California will pass a new "One Drink Per Night" law limiting the amount of alcohol restaurants and bars can serve to patrons to one drink. This common sense law will save all the children on the playground.
 So Congress's Constitutional power to subpoena is contingent upon something special about this situation?

Well, yes.  Subpoenas are for particular situations.
What the fuck is up with people running for office when they clearly do not have spotless records.
*Looks at president*
FOR FUCK'S SAKE
Your best bet is to create a multi reddit and follow all the major countries. ALL the politics subs are highly moderated to maintain certain narratives and the integrity of those subs is compromised to serve this end.
That looks like a chubby dude.
An artarded nihilistic gay left-wing professor .. 

.. How Unique.
Good news for Sanders, he'll just take people from Biden/Buttigieg and *maybe* a tiny sliver from Warren.
I can do it in a few sentence s: Don't coddle the weak; despise tradition and non-functional beauty; admire sociopaths with narrow vision. All this purely for the principles above.
His white supremacist views, along w Bannons, Gorkas, et al have always been known. 
As long as Miller can say what the GOP believes, and they don’t have to be the ones actually saying it, they’re happy as pigs in shit
The NAP is idiotic precisely because it equates totally incomparable situations.
Ancient history.  that was before he was turned by Russia.
Orange man has taken actions and displayed views that under many peoples morals must be considered in a negative light.

Second opinion satisfactory?
Can anyone make out what he says at :28-:30?  Something about the Trump administration?  

"Resist (inaudible) like the Trump administration" ??
Anyone else seeing an article about the decline in popularity of hot drinks when they open this story in reader mode?

Actually not a bad read.
It’s hard to believe the people that comment in those subs are real. Lol they ban any dissenting opinions. Classic.
He hasn't specifically excluded that. I need to see a bill that pays for YANGBUCKS. Otherwise it's all hot air.
He’s 73, obese, was unable to walk for a couple minutes with other world leaders, and uses a comical level of makeup to cover skin-related health issues that make his entire face look like it’s constantly on fire. Not odd to think it could be health.
Go re listen. Door was ajar
The difference is a fetus isn't a person. A clump of cells isn't equal to a living, starving human... well... Unless it's convenient for the religious community to say it is.
I love, love, love having conversations with people but please - don't send PMs like "Are you hot?", "Where do you live?", "Do you have a dick?"

You have such PMs from r/SSC  users, not just randos ?
[URL]

Vivaldi wrote some low key bangers tbh.

!ping classical
corporate media is quashing it out of complete fear.

That's not a thing. 

And he would easily beat Trump. And the corporations and billionaires are petrified.

That's also not a thing.

EDIT: Rofl, the Bernie cult of personality is out in force.
It is physically unsettling watching and hearing her speak. Knowing that people that soulless and dishonest hold such high power makes my stomach turn. 
He always annoyed me whenever he would look at the camera after he made a joke like he was looking if anyone was laughing.
When you compare food that's 100% shit with food that's just 50% shit, then yeah the half-shit food looks pretty tasty.

I'm still holding out hope for shit-free food though.
Heard your wife is Chinese? there must be a lot of sad, fat, white, disgusting SJWs sleeping alone tonight and crying into their huge, grease soaked pillows at not having a shot with your skinny self
Their “guns” look like they are starving. 😂😂
It's unkind, judgemental, and potentially incorrect to assume that being fat says something negative about a person's character.  

It's also pretty rude to talk harshly about fatness around innocent fat people.

But in this case the former is at least a good bet.
Not the point we were talking about the differences between the sperm and the egg and an embryo.

But if you must turn the question around why prevention of "hypothetical" suffering justify ending an unique life?
Is he tired of being the most hated person there?
My wife is absolutely petrified of Johnny C McG. I'm not allowed watch scrubs because he scares her so much. 
Pouring whipped cream into someone's mouth after opening a new office in New Hampshire is a well-known tradition.
"Yes, and if the bear didn't stop to shit, he'd have caught the rabbit, but right now we have to figure out what to do with this hungry bear and this pile of shit."

Line of the day
It is impossible to satirize how dumb you fucking sheep are. Go outside
So what's your response for the third of America that almost never experience freezing conditions? Yeah here in NY and northeast freezing rapes the roads, but it socal not so much dude.
[URL] tears are delicious
oh, that's nothing. their mods claim ACAB is a slur lmao

iirc contra's politics are pretty wishy-washy anyway
 calm down

Don't be such a snowflake. 

 im just disagreeing im not here to argue

You give your opinion don't act shocked when someone asks you about what you say. You can't talk then act like no one can say anything back to you. That's not how conversation works
So true. Bent over a barrel and just taking it.
Well the option is to shoot people or let the nation break up into several nations. It's really big, and their number one fear is small sections breaking off for some reason, which is why Tibet and the Uyghurs have been so heavily targeted.
With headlining "lectures" from Don Jr, Sarah Huckabee Sanders, and Governor Ron DeSantis. People are acting like this was shown at some tiny degenerate house party instead of a massive degenerate house party bankrolled by folks who support the president.
Obligatory laugh at his name.  Ha ha
Normal parenting.  What teenager doesn't experiment with drugs without crazy strict parenting which can backfire once the kid gets freedom?  I got detention twice my entire time in school, did everything right, still got high and drunk before I graduated.
Are they though? Really the argument is kind of moot, since regulations differ so wildly between the two, but cars are required to be registered, they have safety features that are not only mandatory upon manufacture, but using those features are pretty strictly enforced.
he explained that he stopped believing that; are you trying to say that it's impossible for a person to ever change their opinion on anything?
There used to be a unique donor counter on [URL], though that was changed for the total $ counters.
I imagine her saying "delighted" while a wine glass shatters in her clenched fist
i mean it could be the result of collectivization, not mainly purposefully starving


but stalin not cool
they're milking us dry of outrage, too. 

pretty soon we'll all be hoarse and can no longer shout into the aether. so, until the average american becomes willing to do more than scream at the void, nothing will change.
El-Manar and blaming Israel for things is tricky to interpret. They'll blame Israel for rainy weather, but if Israel legit does something that's humiliating for Hezbollah they'll deny it.
Materially, what do "the chains of mental oppression" even look like? It's also super unsettling to me that you think an ethnic and religious minority are what's holding the wide collective back from some sort of enlightenment. That's gross.
Happy Holidays, Eric Hanukkah ...

... oh, did I misread?
Yeah, it couldn't possibly be that the American people are tired of the same old shit that the corporate democrats have been feeding us for decades.  No, we're being "divisive" because we refuse to accept the centrist status quo.
Likely they’re just western Tankies, but there are quite a few that type like they have Chinese accents, so I’m guessing at least some might be millennial college students from China.
If you want policy change, sure elections are key.  But to combat corruption and blatant lawlessness, the current elected officials are supposed to do their fucking job!  When checks and balances don't work, the system is already broken.
Being poor charges interest, kind of like how being rich pays interest.
It’s actually hilarious how you’ve gone from rabid Corbynista to neoliberal overnight.
at the end of the presser, did you see him get asked 

Which foreign country were you referring to [inaudible] regarding incidental...


and his response was a very nervous 

I'm not going to get into the exact countries

and then gives the guiltiest face possible... 



[URL]
I agree and thank you for an intelligent post.
The real woman in this photo is actually pretty jacked for a female, which makes it even more hilarious.  She's got some pretty capable-looking shoulders and arms.
Agreed on Franken. But I'd be wary of taking Trump's whining too seriously — do you think having to work hard outweighs the ego hit that declining to run for re-election would be?
Politico is a Right-Wing "news" Corp, just like The Independent, and Rebel Media. Is your political compass broken?
Trump wants to hire Reese to run down those without numbers?

This gets to the Root of the problem.

I don't know....I am only in this for the dog.

ETA: I really love the dry mote filled with deadly reptiles.
All I know is my pregnant wife and I are pretty unhappy about it. We were partially registered there and now get to start over.  
I live in Atlanta, and know old money families here that are openly 'Monarchists', and want return of rule by the English crown.
I don't really see Pete as another mob loan shark, more like the little bank with a mediocre marketing team trying to attract customers but 2 or 3 big banks have the market pretty well locked down
There's 11 universities named CSU. If you mean Cleveland State there were neonazi stickers on every single light pole spanning a few blocks in lakewood recently. Thankfully they were taken down. If someone else hadn't I would have.
Democrats: "it's ridiculous to lock people up for owning a harmless plant!"

Also Democrats:
Even if she weren't drop dead gorgeous,  she'd still be beautiful, because of her inner beauty.  The woman just has it all.
This is why we need Bernie. Bernie was around for the old boys club but has been telling them to fuck off just as long. He knows how they work.
What he fails to realize is that it's incredibly difficult to get a Federal job in the field of your expertise. Being a veteran automatically places you above nearly everyone else, even if you're not qualified for the position.
u did not say her stage performance is mediocre lol i can agree about her music but her performances is what separates her from other artists

but no Yang is right on time, i just hope america catches up on time
Dang. Ivanka seems pretty unflappable, as though she always gets what she wants. It's so weird to see from a regular person's perspective.
No way, his relationship to Kim Jong Un is excellent!
*Write one article filled with faulty thinking, but confirming Sam's biases* 

"Please, come on the show!" 

*Write numerous books and articles, become a nationally renowned thinker on race in America from a black person's perspective* 

"I just don't think we can have a productive conversation... "
Intellectual property allows disney to have a monopoly on ideas and thoughts. Things that wouldn't exist naturally in a free market.
Jézus kristos 

It was meant to show that it’s impossible to have happen. Nobody will ever agree on the test. An IQ test wouldn’t work great either
Breaking news: Laws of Economics found to be in full effect in situation number 198,309 where the government has tried to fix prices and ended up with predictable consequences. Diocletian was unavailable for comment. There is no free lunch, you idiots.
Trump saying he wants to buy Greenland =/= US strategy.


Also what call to arms? Lol


Trump says silly things, have you not noticed this?
Real men recognize that everyone is different, with wholly unique life experiences, so their decisions are their own to make.
The big question is how TF did the LEO enter the apartment? Some reports say his door was ajar but I feel like an understanding of exactly how she entered is a major facet of this investigation. 
Pick a real language that exists and has decent translation available, but is rare enough that your players won't speak it. I use Gaulish a lot since it resembles latin and old-french while not sharing very many words.
When the UK sits down post Brexit to agree a trade deal with Australia, this is exactly what is going to happen. There will be two parties in the room, only one of which you have the ability to vote for, directing policy for the UK.

Surely you are unhappy with that?
Member Trump has impeccable timing so this salvo being fired portends even greater things SOON to be revealed..... 
She always sounded tipsy to me
This; we need legitimate reviews of refugee status- the vast majority of them probably *should* be turned away, but 100%? That's statistically impossible, you can't tell me *no one* was legitimate.
You also have to consider the fact that, because Rohrabacher, the incumbent, lost 16k votes to another Republican, it's possible that some number of those may have come from wary moderates who will either abstain from voting or back a Democrat in the general. 
What's funny is that you're artificially and arbitrarily defining what is rare. All resources are scarce, because there is unlimited demand and limited supply. It doesn't matter that you think that something isn't rare. It's still scarce.
I'm still wary of some kind of long con, to be honest...
But Pres Trump said you refused to give $1M of taxpayer $ to UK unless they get th prosecutor to stop looking at your son & his son's company. Sleepy Joe gives a sleepy answer & that's the end of it.
So what? People aren't above the law because they are "important ". Moreover, trump barely does any work anyway, and we have a successor process when a president is unavailable.
W E W

trump was unflappable. hillary got flapped.
oh trust me I know. I'm pretty sure that sub gets straight up brigaded though. There's always unashamed and transparent Chinese Nationalists in those threads. And this isn't just me assuming that because they disagree with me, their profiles are always in the pro-china subs
To be fair you're actually right, he's a wannabe dictator, which is even more unsettling and pathetic. 
Ok I'm all for sticking it to these ridiculous [URL] in her own home?? Exposed to her own family?? Inappropriate, sure. ILLEGAL? Wtf
Oh he only had white supremacist propaganda on him. Folks, we all know someone isn't a white supremacist unless they say it out loud seven times, declare it in front of a judge and have two witnesses sign off on it.
You even see some of them in the pictures. It is unsettling to say the least. That and that nobody in America seems to know about this drives me to the brink of insanity. Spread this shit like wildfire!
You have to wonder if this is deliberate. By now, cable news channels know that stuff like this sets the internet on fire and makes them look bad.
Trickle down economics work! My boss takes a shit and I get to clean up whatever trickles down after.
And the best part about this? No convoluted language, no name dropping, just plain and simple "We need to cover for our President doing illegal shit and knowing about it.". Palatable for the average uninformed voter.
Hobama will blame the white populace because of their lack of foresight to support a black female candidate in 3 . . . 2 . . . 1 . . .
He wasn't even raised by a single parent.  His mom kept ditching him, self-realization and SJW baloney more important than him.  His white grandparents were communists no doubt, but they took the chubby psychopath in the making in and raised him when she refused to.   
How do I avoid going to prison for not paying for failed corrupt banks, depleted uranium bullets that kill children and the failed government that let this all happen? 

The IRS will kidnap me from my family if I don't pay their extort fee. 
Unfortunately Texas has few mountains/hills and water is scarce. The extra energy would need to be sent to a neighboring grid interconnect and stored in an area which has the necessary resources.
 Money is a representation of scarce resources. I think only people that are as productive as their resource cost should get to live. 

 Inheritance and generational wealth complicate this, because you have tons of very wealthy people who aren't productive. 


Guess what subreddit this comment comes from.
Unforgettable and unforgivable 
Us on the Christian left are embarrassed and angry, like other concerned Americans.

Just so we're clear .
Blaire white is a pretty interesting person, you should check her out.
What I want to know about is the Sheriff's statement about the Security Guard noticing the door ajar (escape in progress?) and whether or not the Security Guard remained in eyeshot of the door.  Could an accomplice have offed Paddock and escaped?
Isn't his thing basically killing everything green by pouring oil on it?
Cool, so like just killing old and poor people or reducing our military?
I think that's the right move for you occasional cortex you stay right there in as soon as you get your apology you go back to Congress they promised not to start without you they realize it's impossible
Beto, the only instrument of terror is you drunk behind the wheel of a car

me: 

#[ooooooooOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!]([URL])

i love this guy
Veteran here, my right wing Brothers and Sisters-in-Arms are ignoring it.  The silence from them over his resignation?

Deafening.
Flavoured with a dash of growth hormones, and some delicious carcinogenic pesticides!
Except her horrible pockmarked skin.. she ugly.
I need a break from all this stuff for a few days, these people are sick.
Dude is a hard troll, blaming Solyndra, Obama and FBI being lawless, yet everything Trump does is just perfect and/or for the lulz.

He's not likely to debate in good faith, ever.
calm down u/xxxxx

polls and statistics do not work. half of them are bullshit. 

I'm not making some crazy media conspiracy, but do you really think the capitalist, greedy, corporate news channels are going to go far left? or mildly left?
The U.S. has a long history with faked naval incidents. I'm pretty sure we're either behind this and/or carrying water for culpable Saudis (again).

Bolton is probably annoyed at the tanker owner for robbing him of war pretext.
I also thought not passing the surrogacy law was a big mess up.  Literally a softball that landing in the dirt.
I seriously worry that a large percentage of the country now forms their political positions from shitty memes on Facebook.
Sanders supporters are outrageously thin skinned.
Maybe realize that I don’t want to get taxed even 1% more to throw money at a morbidly obese military and fossil fuel subsidies. I WANT to pay taxes for better schools, better roads, and investment into the economy. 
I'm delighted that Trump might have done this.
Pretty sure she’s on the right side. The left is too hideous
Also start commenting about attractive people in front of her, employing exclusively the language used in Song of Solomon.
Have you seen the average poor person? At least in my country they're fat, slow witted cattle who care more about Sons of Anarchy than they do about their political system.
The only possible reason I can see for this is Sunday news audiences tend to be a bit lower and once it's not the top story it'll get drowned out in the GE noise, with enough confusion created for people not to be too sure what's what.
His name is Tubby POSnanski, he thinks he's skinny because he went a week without eating a burger once like 6 years ago.
He talks too loud to have healthy hearing.
So the guy who poked the reptile is a republican? Don't you think that's a bit silly?
Not the original guy, but he said people who oppose the conservatives not "educated = labour". So, technically true in the "an educated person is a lot less likely to vote conservative than the average brit" way.
Read the bread book and you'll most likely find your answer there
Obligatory "normal people are lactose intolerant and it's the milk drinkers who are the weird ones."
Twisted ideology lol
It's yet another example of brazen hypocrisy by republicans.  It's not whataboutism.  That would be making a false equivalency to justify something bad trump did.
one major thing I notice from this is that michigan lags behind, probably from the large UAW presence there.
Thank you for my first literal laugh out loud.
There are 85 seats within 5pts of each other! I can't recall there ever being so many tight races. We're still anywhere between a hung parliament and a Tory majority of 100.

[URL]
 babies come out crying as if they don't want to be born

Oh. That must have nothing to do with being pushed thru a hole that is snug to a penis, let alone an entire (6+lb) infant.
Haha, when Jed preached on my campus a few years ago, he brought along a young attractive male as his sidekick. He was joking that we all wanted to take his clothes off. He was right.
I wouldn’t tred in those subreddits with a conservative mindset if I was you. It’s nasty in there but maybe not as nasty as r/politics
The problem is the NPR is a rainy day fund for the entire country and knowing the state legislature, they'll punt if they can get tax revenues out of it. Alaska needs to develop a new industry. The economy tanking is proving to be a well-needed kick in the ass. 
Larry David is fantastic. I love the lines he gets too. "Is it fair that only the top 2% get a free biscotti with their coffee? Everyone wants a free biscotti! You dip it , you dunk it, it's delicious."
The only parts broken are the wingnuts at the top.
Well, I'm sure the foreign investment will be pouring in after this gets out.
ancient meme template brought back
If I recall a few months back one MANPAD damaged a SyAAF plane but it was able to make it back to land safely.
Do you think there's the possibility of a shy Labour vote this time?

People scared of saying they support Corbyn due to all the stuff about antisemitism, but come polling day they might actually do it?

(To be fair, I think there's similar for Johnson as well).
 scalding hot take

in the sense that it misses the point, sure

the fact that capitalist countries have flaws doesn't demonstrate that capitalism is a failure, only that capitalism is not *sufficient* by itself to produce a utopia
Paul had the most memorable closing statement, but i'm also biased as hell so who knows.
Obama ~~looks like~~ is a gigantic pussy ~~in every photo~~

FTFY
I’m afraid of what will happen if we do that. While I am all for shutting down Washington completely, infrastructure and all until president dodo is removed from office, I’m petrified of what his crazy gun toting base will do in retaliation to those who want him removed.
And to rub salt on wound,with the regime now in control of large areas of East Syria,even the kurds will now starve for fuel to keep warm during the winter while at the same time helping to guard the oil fields that they can't [URL] at it's best.
Have to admit, this is pretty good 😄
"I object"

I laughed out loud at my desk rn
It would be hilarious if someone replaced it with an even bigger chair that was otherwise identical, so he'd look even more tiny.
Blue lowers blood pressure in some subjects. That's not verifiably calming. You can't measure feeling calm. That's a feeling. A subjective feeling.
If in your mind you can only be a remainer if you have a Twitter presence and #FBPE plastered all over your feed then I apologise for not being a remainer.
Also ancient Greece, Rome, Japan and these are only the ancient societies that wrote that stuff down.

Also brothels existed in basically any time anywhere even in the strictest parts of the Middle Age.
There really is no way around the simple fact that she is way too conservative and way too corrupt to be someone who is supposed to be palatable to a majority of left-leaning voters.
It's also about saying that being "just" a woman isn't good enough, and gotta be a man too. And of course about the worst stereotypical version of a "man" possible.
I think they should both continue building their enormous grassroot networks and then join forces at the end with one saying that they'll be the other's VP. Corporate media would shit enough bricks to build the wall.
Nixon consolidated already established environmental agencies into the EPA. And he didn't really do anything beyond that. In fact, he actually vetoed the clean water act and congress overrode his veto.

Nixon was an asshole.
Thanks. I just laughed out loud sitting on the shitter in a public toilet. And yes, I wasn’t the only one in the bathroom. 🤣
Do you think Erdogan will make Donald eat his letter, or kick it up Donald's gigantic ass?

Tune in Wednesday, November 13th at the atWhiteHouse!
It becomes a question of nature or nurture. I think the answer is both. Some hideous people naturally become liberal, some normal or even good looking people do hideous things to themselves when they fall into liberalism.
Ok, I agree that definition fits perfectly. But for whatever reason when I think henchmen, I think of some medieval Dark Knight galloping into a crowd and chopping off heads with his sword.
 Yes it is completely different. If the truck was non-functional it would not have run. The truck's heat was non-functional, not the truck itself.

So employees should be forced to drive vehicles with non-functioning brakes because the truck runs so it's functional?

[URL]

[URL] a knee-slapper....
he's a [socialist]([URL]), unless he's changed over the years.  social democracy is likely just more palatable to the public and less dangerous to the status quo.
And Boris Epshteyn runs must play propaganda segments on local news stations owned by Sinclair. He's a huge Trump asshole licker.

Lots of nasty Boris' out there.
Next question should have been, if you have nothing to hide and nothing illegal or memorable was talked about why are you refusing to answer the question? 
In no way am  i dong that, but you sure did just that.

calm down, realize you were wrong. put on your big boy or girl pants and admit it, then apologize for not being civil.
only if you drive on the left, call football football, talk quietly when in public and drink our warm beer and dont complain about the food
1. Endorse autocratic governments worldwide at the expense of democratic and republican governments

2. Undermine international security agreements such as NATO and the Japanese/South Korean alliances. 

Also he’s a toxic, miserable void where a person should be
Laura Pidcock v Richard Holden in North West Durham is going to be tight according to the Tories. 8,792 Labour majority 

There was a lot of snow in rural areas there earlier but it's cleared up now... will come down to turnout

[URL]
Lmao money coming out of the front pocket of mr fat pink tie
I saw a video where they asked some lefties what they belived in and the way they answered was ridiculous.

One said "I'm a trotskyist" the other said "I'm a libertarian Communist"

They have no idea what they stand for they just love buzz words
Stunning for being batshit crazy.
The monster is gigantic and its  tentacles are worldwide.
If a cat came and took money out of my wallet every two weeks instead of it being automatically removed, I’d feel *slightly* better about being bent over a barrel by Uncle Sam every paycheck
wew lads this left me PARCHED!
Well, that’s not exclusive to the US. There has been some politicians who have been elected recently based on “Cold War”  fear mongering.  Just look at Bolsonaro in Brazil and others even in Europe.
Cut and dry
I'd argue that preserving South Korea was a success.  We had to do a lot of ugly shit at hideous expense to achieve that success, and that experience should inform future foreign policy decisions.  But overall, our batting average with these interventions is pretty low.
Wow what a visual reference to go with your punch line... Tight kek!
As a note. Looking like twitter will be ugly today. Have a good one!
You should tell Hillary to give it up. Having to put up with her hideous, self pity, ugly lesbian crooked, face on TV blaming everyone but her self for her loss. Yes Hillary Voters. She blames you too. Lmfao
Why get angry in a humor sub is what we won't get?
Which is why libertarians are pro-union, but we're not in favor of granting them special privileges with the state.
Makes enough insightful and occasionally witty comments in /r/greenbaypackers to be memorable.   Lives near Oshkosh.  
She's unflappable and has a memory that Google should be jealous of.
They were making a joke about them being unavailable in their rival, McDonalds.
Wtf I love being terminally ill now?
if he appoints anyone that isn't a leftist they will find some dirt on them, even if they have to make it up. its just politics . You're right that this Kavanaugh thing has [damaged the Dems far more]([URL])
Holy shit. That is a seriously damaged person.  
  
As much as we like to joke about cucks, I really hope he gets some help.
If you're not scared for our nation yet then you're not paying attention.  We should be very, very concerned.
As long as the math adds up budget wise, i'd be open to it.  If not, then no.

Honestly, I'm more concern with Democrats ruining our chances for the FD by asking for too much.  I think Republican lawmakers would actually be more open to Yang's proposal.
Yeah, have seen that 163 number in numerous papers and they are all pretty much hard-left, left  leaning.. so real big shocker they agree with Labour.
We all know he's a financial genius, so the deficit problem is most likely unsolvable.
The FBI is non-partisan and would never ever pursue someone or delay same pursuit for political reasons. They have a spotless history in this regard.
Also, it's very easy to spin things in your favor if you're a very wealthy company. Just look at how McDonald's warped the perception of the scalding coffee lawsuit into "people are overly litigious and sued poor Lil McDonald's for no reason." 
and happy cake day?
I don't understand why people who are able to own a business and make good money are the bad guy because there workers make close to Min wage. Instead of complaining for more money get  a better job or become a CEO of your own company. People just want everything handed to them...
The IHRA definition is fine. That's why labour have adopted it.

The examples weren't adequate as guidelines for behaviour that could lead to disciplinary action or expulsion, so they've been strengthened.

Why do you hate logic so much?
Meanwhile, sticking your fingers in your ears and singing the Russian national anthem real loud so that you can keep pretending the problem is the people *reporting* the President’s disqualifying bullshit, is pretty much Peak Conservative. Well done.
It's because they are scared of the other side.   Doesn't matter which party they support, both sides are petrified of the other winning so we all lose.
Edit: the tiny hands are real.
many if not most, the list is not too long.

[URL]

you may argue about some but e.g. #4 is crystal clear


Have you heard about khan academy? Skill share? Brilliant? No, no middle man needs to get involved here. It’s cheap, it’s efficient, and best part - it’s available to everyone.
That is another issue,i think it depends on the state. I can't make out faces and is his name fully released? I remember jade the passenger but her last name is inaudible.
I haven't been following Brexit as closely as I should but I was under the impression that the UK is pretty much in a no win situation with zero leverage. Hard to negotiate from that position.
You actually said something true in the first sentence! No matter how much you tell yourself it's not, abortion is and will always be murder. But how can I argue with someone who rejects fundamental truths and uses a self proclaimed and twisted sense of morality.
Seeing these kind of things, and especially the way how police seem to be totally on Golden Dawn's side make it crystal clear why Greek protestors have absolutely no mercy with cops.

Every time there's riots cops get attacked with molotov cocktails, fire bombs,... and now it makes perfect sense.


What no one has sued this person for discrimination yet? Won't someone think of the adults aged 21-24? These people will be parched and non-drunk how can we allow this to happen? 
Then they need to adapt. Seriously this is one of the core concepts of America. Adapt to the future. None of these companies are investing in the future, but trying to bleed dry a dying beast as quickly as they can before it kicks the bucket.
Semantics. Horowitz made only one criminal referral, and that was for a low level nobody. Word ahead of the release was that Comey would be one of two criminal referrals. So Comey is right. He beat the system again.
I think it damaged May when she didn't turn up, especially sending Rudd in who was grieving at the time.  The situation is different now, Johnson already has enough MPs supporting him so his task is to to not say anything stupid before it goes to the members.
This is met with the deafening silence of western feminists.
I have yet to hear a single western feminist group condemn this, too busy writing tumblr posts


/u/bGe9S Don't derail threads, removed and warned
He's a sea lion, you're not going to get a satisfactory answer.
Reread your comment out loud so there's a chance you can catch at how ridiculous it is.
If I could describe the Chinese political system in two words it would be "angry and inefficient"

For example they would be angry that "and" technically counts as a third word and about the inefficiency of using three words when they were asked to use two.  All while ignoring starving people.
Zionists and White Supremacists are both racial seperatists. They both want Jews in Jewland. It's a sick symbiosis.
Meanwhile I want gov to steal money and support morbidly obese drug addicts free healthcare and welfare checks because it makes me a good person.

It's easy to strawman.
Well I wouldn't mind if we all would go extinct, as long as life itself prevails. 
Heres a upvote for you for making me laugh out loud because it's So True, I was so angry at this damn [URL] thanks for helping my blood [URL]
For the record, water *isn't* wet.

Water makes *other things* wet.
Part of the problem is most players convert stereo signals into mono, which kills the entire dynamic picture of the music. Flattens it. 

I haven't particularly loved any of the intro music- but the old one became recognizable. It's a pretty subjective thing.
What an ugly bitch. Looks like Jack Nicholson’s Joker in this pic
Yeah it's some straight bullshit that we *do* have the power to end

Our market is tasty enough and our government is strong enough that we can force the companies to play by the rules and pay their fair share (plus what they have already pillaged from us). But we don't... 
Yup. I love all these ads that are plastered all over Reddit too. Can't wait to see how much more than a hundred million dollars he can light on fire this time.
OMG, the freezing of hell might slow down global warming
Well the silence from the mod team is pretty deafening.
It's a funny question because anyone not a millionaire accused of rape and murder would actually have to face consequences.
So, how long do they wait before freezing any presidential powers?
But we do get the services we paid for. Make the most of your biannual bin collections and instead of whining about pot holes, enjoy the opportunity to explore free rock-climbing facilities.
Over a "perfect phone call"? He won't ever do that now at this point
What would be the issue with these votes becoming anonymous?

The outcome is already pre-determined based along party lines. Senators and Reps are too scared to vote against their party. I wonder how it would look if the vote was secret.
It's pretty damn thick to be honest. There's a stupidly large amount of rural twang in his speech.
Whenever Stephen Harper used to say “we’ve been crystal clear about this” he would proceed to not be clear about his position. This led to Trudeau cucking over Canada unfortunately
6',5", 235, 7% body fat.  Phenomenal specimen.   The best, believe me.
The FBI allowed Trump to become President while committing dozens of crimes in plain sight, so the FBI is at least a little broken.
His best bet is to wait until trump is out of office. Otherwise he's dead on arrival. At least with a democrat or independent in office he'll be free one of these days.
Oh no, that's not possible because WHAT SHOWER ARE THEY GOING TO USE WHAT SHOWER TELL ME IT'S AN UNSOLVABLE PROBLEM!!!!
Besides, we should be helping the children from those situations at the very minimum. No child should go hungry. No child should be deprived of education. No child should be living without stable housing.
Assange *did* say 2017 will be an unforgettable year for Wikileaks, so it's possible it could be something huge. 
I don't think trade deals have any need for secret provisions....

"Most transparent POTUS ever!
I've heard you should be wary of a man who keeps a pig farm.
It is Spring and she has class and impeccable taste.... please
100% a good thing, tax rates should vary based on how large the company is and how much corporate/business tax on profits or revenue should be applied. Countries thrive when small businesses thrive
Probably old Dems or people who identify as democrat, but don't pay attention so they only know Biden. Biden is a very mediocre candidate.
Gallagher is a stone cold killer. Someone a coward like Trump admires.
Enough bullshit about a poem that was written by a European immigrant to fund the base of the Statue of Liberty. We have enough of our own citizens and children going to bed hungry every night. Charity begins at home.
Nah, the sleepy libs are finally waking up to Pelosi's inevitable uselessness.
 A candidate might not be perfect, but even a mediocre Democrat will tend to appoint pro-choice / pro-women's rights justices.

This needs to be plastered everywhere in preparation for 2020 along with "fuck purity tests".
Mediocre at best, actually. But that's ok, you've never done it before.
And so her faulty memory unleashed this shitstorm against an honest and decent man. I won't bother waiting for the collective mea culpa from the Democrats and the presstitutes who were ready to destroy Judge Kavanaugh over this.
They're a bunch of damp squids putin Trump on a pedal stool
Well the file's name is [URL] so I think it is actually recent. 

Who is Kim Jong-Il's body double? It isnt as if they have an over abundance of chubby people there.
the tea is SCALDING
They're bad. Right to work doesn't just mean employers can hire scabs, they restrict the ability of businesses to form certain relationships with unions even if they want to.
It annoyed me so much that Talib apologized. She was completely right.
 Bass Pro pyramid

Never heard of that place but good lord that thing is hideous.
They are trained for loud explosions, jumping out of planes, being near big guns. Stay quiet. They are not pets, but multi $$$ killing machines.
Why is it going to be difficult to travel anywhere in Europe after Brexit? I've experienced no issues when flying to USA / Asia.
From the article:

Miraculously or unfortunately, depending upon what side of the abortion debate you are on, the abortion fails to scald the baby to death over the course of multiple days and she's delivered alive.

[URL] misled the author because my abortion involved no scalding.
All of these people need to report the wrong doing and resign. Staying on the job and keeping quiet is assisting with the cover up. They aren't making the country safer by doing what they are doing, they are shielding Trump from the consequences of his actions
"cant they see how awful their actions are?"

Yes. They absolutely can. Can't you see that they don't care? 

When someone finally said out loud that the emperor wasn't wearing any clothes, he just kept walking down the street... Kinda dancing a little now though
You are right! I totally go back and still clean the floors of the resturant I used to work at when I was 16. Obviously everyone keeps doing their old jobs after they leave them.
Ur libtears is what makes it funny... lmao
Ok, first of as an actual Irish person, eat a dick you miserable cockstain, second of all the video is a solid piece on the Muslim Brotherhood thats worth watching regardless of your weird and cringy hatred of Ami Horowitz
Meaning the CDC got caught doing faulty science? Got a link on that?
I've never met anyone who thinks Advanced Research and Methods is anything except a class. I think most avoid it because it is not required for many degrees and sounds difficult compared to alternatives.
I'm pretty sure I have a lactose addiction. I start to get an incurable parched mouth if I go to long without milk. 
Cool, what did I say that was wrong? Maybe the prevailing narrative in the corporate media is *actual* propaganda. It seems likely considering it is plastered everywhere else on reddit and dissenting opinion is attacked as propaganda without ever addressing the substance of a claim
Yeah the real world isn't typically black and white. The thing is there are often pretty obvious differences in the shade of moral greyness in a situation.
Student Debt is absolutely crushing, crushing our economy. Students out of college aren't putting their wages back into the economy, it's going into their debt.

Cancelling the debt would be a gigantic boon for everyone. Debt or no debt.
“Oh my God, help me, I’m starving!” - Paul Ryan’s calf.
Some people never find happiness with a partner because they believe no one is good enough. But, they believe they are good enough for others.

Purist libertarians are self-righteous; they believe they are the only ones who are spotless.
Otherwise it sounds like he's molesting terminally ill children.

I'm not ruling anything like that out. 
Does he have a plan to murder several scotus justices? Talk is very cheap.
Until the next time he needs them.  He'll keep the door ajar until then.
If you kinda think about it, blood soaked bullets would probably hurt a vampire less. 
There is also the fact that he got free media coverage nearly constantly even with nothing of substance to say. And that his name recognition was likely the top of the pile from day 1 of the campaign.
They still get off on that, if one were to ever have the displeasure of walking through a police HQ parking lot, take special note of how many of those vehicles have a Punisher logo on them. It's more than you'd think.
Her server was never hacked. Her security was adequate. 
Ol' Clottin Eye Joe would've popped a vessel for certain.
Don't forget:

Jefferson's camp accused President Adams of having a "hideous hermaphroditical character, which has neither the force and firmness of a man, nor the gentleness and sensibility of a woman."
my tipsy shitty celebration [URL] you!
*You have a choice between a ham sandwich and a boiling cauldron of diarrhea, choose one to eat*

VOTER: **FUCK THAT!** I want a filet mignon, and if I can't have it then I'm fine with scalding diarrhea poured down my throat.
That's really rude. Why would you feel the need to make such an unkind personal attack in such a lighthearted thread? 
Fuck.. I've used RES for so long and forgot about it and I opened this page on a different laptop and I thought Reddit pulled a Digg and rolled out a fugly, non-functional update.
Man. I am so exhausted. I felt the same way during the health care nightmare. I know this confirmation isn't over yet but it's just so exhausting trying to keep up with it all when everything changes so quickly. It's been wild. 
And calls him fat
PEACEFUL REGIME CHANGE



OF, BY AND FOR THE PEOPLE



unforgettable
He is not.   Maybe you don't like him or his establishment friendly politics but that's ridiculous.  If Pete's a  

slimey rat-faced fuck 

then that leaves no room for people that might really earn that title.
Bingo. This is why I don't get all bent out of shape about Republicans. Their plans always backfire eventually because they no longer stand by morals but only look for short term wins.
It puts a stain on someone who thinks they're spotless.
Yes thats what the *documentary* is about, but 'the thin blue line' means something else itself.
The economic damage from the Gatwick closure was enormous. I'm almost certain that would fit our governments definition of terrorism.

[URL]
You want a bird analogy? American politics is composed of a long right wing and a short, unflappable right wing. Now tell me if it can fly
He made it to the debate stage because of his unique qualifications and education, his sharp intellect, and his impressive communication skills.
He was an uncontrollable drunk, and was then individually censured by Congress.

Watch him in action

[URL]
Millions of robotic brain dead people believing that statement is what’s wrong with the GOP. There have always been idiots saying idiotic things but there used to be a time when most people didn’t believe them.
They literally work for you. So let them know what you want them to do. Tell them when you are unhappy with their performance.
Try these:

- Southwestern Salad

- Grilled Cool Wrap

- Spicy Chicken Sandwich

- Grilled Chicken Sandwich 

- Superfood Side

- Market Salad

All fucking delicious.
Thankfully gender transition doesn't typically involve starving to death
Is that a really small copy or do you have gigantic hands?
If the only way to fix a democracy is to make everyone see the light, democracy is unfixable.
Think of how everything is made. Everything is dirty so there's no "100% clean energy" they might be cleanish once they're made and installed- but good god the chemicals, materials, and such outweigh the actual energy produced.
As long as they're not coming to the UK I'm delighted
And of course the obligatory smooch on Jesse Jackson's buttcheek in lieu of a stamp
So avoid using the word ‘very’ because it’s lazy. A man is not very tired, he is exhausted. Don’t use very sad, use morose. Language was invented for one reason, boys - to woo women - and, in that endeavor, laziness will not do.




I'd be wary of any pointy umbrellas he might be carrying.  
At this point you have to play dirty to best the pigs
Nah, The Federalist is horseshit. Half of their articles read like John Solomon articles and they tend to twist things  like when they twisted that NYT article around in order to say “Schiff met with the Whistleblower” when he didn’t
So what happens when you've exhausted the "rich guy" supply? Do we then lower in the Drs we paid and made rich? Dolt. Lazy soylent sucking dolt.

We could probably all be better off if we removed useless eaters. I think you and your family will be lowered in next. 
For casting aspersions on Lieberman's impeccable record. */s*
I’m scared of joining with this.
To be honest, I've been saving up my absolute self-satisfaction for his impeachment. :D   This is small stuff which will be meaningless the moment he and his minions are exposed and removed. Just a little something to keep for a rainy day.
I would pay good money to see a court response that, in its totality, consisted of [this image.]([URL])
There are bad ones who do this.
That’s how I feel. Exhausted by it. 


Trump's economy is amazing.  After Obama said our economy would be mediocre forever Trump came in and destroyed all Obama's notions of America mediocrity.  Invest money bro, get in while it's still good.
Those people have never or will ever be open to change.
I write software for a living that automates decision making for educated, white collar employees.
We keep getting rainy days in the 50s.
Fat subsidies. We need to treat our bodies as an environment so let’s get tax reductions for being healthy 😂
Of course it’s a joke. But it’s targeted at protected group of people, hence it’s not funny, according to FB.
I count 25 articles that have Palantir in the title over the last year.

Do you get the same number when you search?

Personally, I don't consider that number spam, at all. 25 posts amongst 5,000 seems pretty light, even.

[URL]
You can't find humanity by going left. Politics is a dirty business that have nothing to do with humanity.
Yep, time to invest in private prisons, between ICE detentions and starving Americans
He does not say that was after the car stopped. The video angle does not show if the passenger side door is ajar as the car rolls into frame.

It takes less than a second to say "show your hands" three time.
Maybe we finally discovered why his disgusting pizzas use a overdone smattering of white flour on the bottom instead of something much more tasty like semolina or cornmeal.
It would appear that there are more ardent pro-international war machine champions on Reddit than I had assumed. We know that the bulk of you don't have sufficient courage of your own convictions to actually join the fight, but your keyboard contributions are stunning. 

&#x200B;

Marx smiles ruefully. 
Maybe i don't really understand the definition of fan, but this really doesn't seem like a problem to me. I think that you are just making up a thing to be annoyed about, and then putting yourself on a pedestal, and looking down on others for not doing the thing.
I came up with a good idea.
Republicans defending Trump, who allowed Russia to meddle in our election. 

Republicans DO NOT WANT FAIR AND OPEN ELECTIONS. They are ANTI-DEMOCRACY
Expect deafening silence. There is no practical solution to be offered here. It's hilarious that they shit on Sam Harris for not seeing nuance on the influence of Imperialism in the Islamic world and simultaneously authentically believe ACAB.
Awkward half-take: offering defendants the opportunity to express remorse demands they have an oppurtunity to do so, while confessions may subject them to horrific mandatory minimums. A court system focused on contrition and one focused on harsh punishment are unintentionally diametrically opposed.
It really depends on the development level of the country. The real question, is how to maintain an adequate birthrate (2.11)  in a developed society. So far, it seems nigh impossible when discounting first-generation naturalized immigrants
For the comparison in the second paragraph to be comparable, your hypothetical friend would have to be an actual rapist. Nobody’s lying about these people being donors to the Trump Administration. What’s wrong with politics being made more transparent?
These people will bitch and moan about anything and everything, rather than reflecting upon themselves.  They are miserable.  This post is lost on them.
 Massive record setting snowstorm and freezing temperatures in U.S. Smart that GLOBAL WARMING hoaxsters changed name to CLIMATE CHANGE! $$$$
 

At worst, he doesn't understand climate change. Howveer, given his capitals, this reads like [URL]
Between this and the fact that every tweet linked from this sub is unavailable when i try to go see it... id say there is complete fuckery happening.
Don't worry about it. We've got November, they're very scared. Clinton is petrified and is showing it on Twitter. Let Reddit be Reddit while we're busy Making America Great Again.
Kind of like syphilis nobody wanted to claim the delicious culinary abomination that are thin slices of potatoes dunked in scalding hot oil. Until America came along of course. America's like, yep that's ours.
Is it racism via power trip, or racism via being petrified.


I see black man, fuck him, boom

Or 

I see black man, fuck me, boom
 there will, probably, be no impeachment proceedings started until it's safe to do so.

It was safe after the Mueller report dropped. Pelosi bent over backwards to protect Trump.
That's freaking brilliant. Tall chivas regal 12 with crushed iced, filtered water, and lime is also a tasty beverage for consumption throughout the day 
I'm confused whether snowflake as a pejorative refers to melting easily or thinking everyone is special and unique. I've seen it used as both, but CCP apologists would only be the former.
Alot of conservatives live in poor rural areas so i kinda doubt that
Trump just said blood soaked sand on live tv. Fuckin moron. And of course a few troops are still in Syria for the oil, gotta protect the oil yeeaa/s
idk why but the crossed out swastika in your name being offcenter is fucking hilarious to me
When we didn't know what leaving was. Compared to remain neither of them have the backing of the public, that's why leavers are petrified of giving the option back to the people.
Don't generalize it to all Americans.  In my view soldiers are either misguided, desperate, or have nothing to lose.  We should pay them fairly and give them adequate medical treatment, but beyond that they are nothing special.  
Imagine having contempt (and mocking) people who's "silly" religious beliefs have given them the wonderful gift of Christmas? Religious or not, Christmas is an awesome time each year for (almost) every American household in the US.
And also the quick dry cement would add a lot pf mass to a milkshake which would cause more damage too
You know, having re-read your analogy I don't think it's momentum on the building watching the train derail. More likely its the Tory party.

The train is still the Labour party. Momentum are the ones driving it.
I like this sub. This isn't as good as the Trump election since T_D IS pretty low hanging fruit compared to not just YouTube meltdowns and actual Newscaster freak outs, but pretty much no matter who wins I'm guaranteed tasty drama.

This was almost as good as the Samurai Jack Ashi shipping meltdown.

Sadly lots of Trump loving idiots in this area too. Big trucks and small dicks.
If someone kills their wife or kills an opposing gang, that's not political violence. Nonetheless, it's bad.
Can you point out the faulty methodology here? Any cases you'd like to add or remove?
They're exhausted, someone get them a coffee.

[Tom Hanks is trying.]([URL])


Yes I do get seriously annoyed when people claim to know something or post about something and don't include sources. That idiocy has directly contributed to the general degradation of conversation online.

And as far as I'm concerned, Elsa can go sit on an icicle. I can't stand those movies.
We had TV and movies in the 70's, yet people seemed to be more wary.  Different times, I guess.
 If anyone was hired for a job and behaved like this, they would be fired in a week. 

You forget people voted specifically for that behavior, because they were sick of what 'qualified' people were doing with the country.
 *"The thing they're trying to get at is all of this food could go to hungry people."*  

This of course is almost hilariously ironic when you consider the staggering number of hungry people in the socialist countries.
What's wrong with Bevin? Seems like hes running a tight ship as far as fiscal policy goes.
I've only met them in real life, they're very rare on Reddit.
I have a feel that there will be a number of us out there. So many, that the shrieking in November will be deafening.
I think some Warren/Sanders stans (like a certain Intercept reporter said he's hanging out with "sexually normal" people) are at the wine cave too.
[URL]
I actually think that's a bad idea. If the Rs hang Heller out to dry and don't pass anything he proposes, I hope he returns the favor and votes a no on the skinny repeal.
Well, it *is* soaked in ammonia.
[Obligatory Rolling Stones]([URL])
In this day and age of computers and relatively cheap digital storage, paper forms are wasteful. Especially in triplicate.
*Yawn* is right.

Not you, OP - I mean your tired diatribe is putting me to sleep.
It really shocks me how scared people are to even discuss unionization.
It will trickle down any day now. There's already something nice and warm tricking down our backs right now.
It's Cold War Tactics  2.0
They don't think it's good, they just stay quiet so their own agenda can get passed.
I don't go to my local church either but the pubs have people in them who do, including the vicar. Christianity isn't particularly scarce, I don't see how you can go outside and not have met someone who takes it seriously.
I would hope so, I come to /r/badeconomics for quality content, not joke content. If I wanted that, I would go to a economics circle jerk subreddit or something.
The old testament's god has a chosen people and helps them out with genocide.  That's a pretty strong basis for racism, no matter how far from the original concept.
Americans have no idea how hard pigs target street medics in the average US protest.
I'd laff but it's unkind to laff at this special kind of confusion
microbiology as a hobby is pretty cool.  
and difficult.
When was this taken? ... that’s nasty!
That being the case he still didn't even debate the student, he interrupted him, mocked him and advised his students not to answer his questions because of his skin colour. Disregarding the content of the concepts discussed this prof still failed to debate coherently, he came off as abusive and borderline gaslighting.
Crowder just said that the movie must be too Woke if dudes that are into comics aren’t interested in watching a show with lesbians in tight spandex.
Well the ones that don't identify as conservative Inc and that use terms like conservative ink tend to be Nazis and white supremacists sooo
No, he's not seen on this particular cross.  If he were, bloody and miserable, it would be a more appropriate memorial to those who sacrificed and died in WWI though.
Yeah, early in the conflict before they expanded beyond their original cantons, I recall that I read something about the rudimentary way they were able to convert some of the crude into usable (if “dirty”) fuel.
How tasty could free coffee be, anyway?
The UK has made itself a global laughing stock for at least three years.

Why do UK citizens effectively allow this to continue? The stiff upper lips, keeping calm & carrying on and general apathy are truly mind boggling.
For the propaganda to work they have to paint themselves as the unflappable heroes (to stroke the ego of their constituents) *and* as the downtrodden victims (in order to fan the flames and get them riled up and engaged).
I never said they were just as dirty.

Have you been in a smoke pit on an Alberta job site?
The media will never allow a candidate that will bring power back into the hands of the people. If the DNC can fallback on the media that's why they pay them the big bucks for prime time
And he of course had to slip in about his own Irish and Italian immigrant forebears. I'M WHITE Y'ALL I'M ONE OF THE GOOD ONES in other word. The dog whistles are deafening.
Jacob, you’re a punk loser. You want everything I have except my job. Bed wetter, it’s survival of the fittest and you’re a fucking unhappy loser in life.
most memorable for you, mr white right wing american .

The people protesting tonight will claim there is a pattern of violence by the government against another group that is far more memorable
The author of the Great Gatsby was such an horrific human he caused his wife to have a mental breakdown. She died in the hospital when it caught fire.

Make something people recognize and theyll give you the world on a plate
I was being sarcastic.

I've never understood why black on black gun crime seems to be totally discounted by the pro-gun crowd.

It's like if they are black, it's "gang related" so therefore cannot be counted as part of the gun problem.
You’d think that pedes would be more intelligent than this. So far not the case. 

Bye, Jeb!
If his memory is this faulty, he should be seeking medical help.
Hahahaha, yesssss!!!!

The dream machine. This is excellent. Partially due to the fact that the episode was portraying Capitalism at its root.
I wish.  They like answers that silly their narrative.  That's how assange went from good to bad quickly
or a staycation to get drunk when Chucklefuck gets removed
I'd like to give him the benefit of the doubt and assume they just meant he has more power now than he did as a private citizen, a position he found himself in after voluntarily resigning as Speaker because of what an enormous cuck he is.     
      
But the quote is still fantastic either way.
I gave Trevor a chance but realistically nobody was going to be able to fill Jon’s shoes.  

Good. Trevor should make his own shoes.
Society really doesn't bend over backwards for minorities enough, the white male overlords don't allow it...
Planes and plastics are the biggest reasons I'm annoyed at *other* uses of fossil fuels. If we ran out of oil, I guess we'd finally switch our cars and cities to renewables, but we might just not get to have planes anymore.
"[URL] might as well subsidize housing and rents at that point."

When the right accidentally stumbles upon good answers, because they can't abide by a future where people aren't miserable.
For extremely greasy and extremely hot pizza, suck up your pride and use a fork for the first few bites until it cools off and you can fold it more easily. I hate getting grease in my beard/mustache so much, and I have a small mouth so it's impossible to avoid otherwise.
I know. I can't believe it's over already! I voted first day of early voting and turned out the rest of the news afterwards. It's been brutal and dirty from every party. Looking forward to the results =)
I pity you 49 year old
So should we be able to purchase life **insurance** right before a terminally ill person is about to die just because they are human and have families with lives who could really use that money once their family member is dead?

&#x200B;

No.
This sounds really bad. He muddied the waters and messed up, honestly, he's mocking the president and they'd be silly not to pull this out of context.
Same.  The over bloated pricing of medicine and other medical items is ridiculous.  Profiting off the sick is morally wrong.
I'm all for this. These people want attention. If we deny them the attention they crave, they are less likely to see these horrific acts as a way to get it and as such less likely to do them.
The family HAS to spend a months income to go see a game?!  I thought entertainment spending was a choice.

How about they take that money and give it directly to their kids teacher if this is such a big problem.

Or just save it for a rainy day.
How does that equate to brigading? This seems like faulty logic and I went over your list of comments about Peterson in the EPS sub.
Only the crazy ones. I just want to be left alone and live a quiet life
The 2 litre soda bottle shit that you see from time to time doesnt work.

Bandana soaked in vinegar, or 20 dollar Israeli civilian gas mask.
love the final image of Pete in the article, so much confidence and calm.
"I'll destroy the earth over a less than satisfactory handshake"
Ancaps are just feudalists who want to sound cool to punks and Wall Street suits, alike.
Let's say we are in a school scenario. Do you honestly believe the cool kids would not mock the weakling that sucked up to them?
Yes projected because it’s impossible to have definitive cost analysis for a plan that has yet to be implemented. 


Where are you getting an increase of 60-70% from?
Nah, they're both ancient history at this point, but if you wanna move the goalposts like the Birthers do when they prattle on about wanting to see the long-form birth certificate... well, be my guest.
Large volumes of small donations to election opponents are a thing
God, I hope this all plays out well in Trump's and his admin's favor. We need this gigantic, bigly win after all this year(plus) Mueller special investigation bullshit. 

Where is Giuliani when you need him?  Obligatory, 9/11.
Until Trump isn’t a gigantic pussy and can actually fire people to their face.

So basically until he’s in prison or dead, couple years tops.
again, he is speaking to addressing people's "feelings" - and explicitly said that government didn't have a role in that. It's just a tad ridiculous to reduce institutional racism to just a smattering of unsettling emotions. 
I slept on the grass of the capitol, snug under a bush against the bannister/fence while on a 3 day motorcycle tour. I liked Madison.
NGL that was an impression to rival Bercow. Good stuff
If there is no natural right being infringed, then what makes it wrong? No rule has been broken if society revokes your right to life, so I’m being told.
Nobody here has made a big deal over the fact that those documents were leaked by Russia. 

You're kidding right?
Cuz it's totally reasonable to compare today's high tech massaged measurements with rings on petrified wood from 400k years ago
Paying overtime would suck this campaign dry. IMO they need to make sure people stay within their billable hours to get the most from our campaign contributions.
arent they all kids or obese 40 something year old basement dwellers

someone posted a pic of two 300 pound lesbian reddit mods. cant find it now, nsfl anyway
Big bang theory is unfunny
The cheetas were sleeping all snug in their beds   
While visions of shitgibbons danced in their heads.
Yeah, that Mueller Report really shined during impeachment.  LOL

And keep talking about Q!  You are spreading it far more than I ever will or care to. You are doing exactly what Q wants!  It's hilarious.
I remember reading “the antifascist handbook” and it saying that erasing the nazi graffiti and replacing it with “nazi graffiti was here” is a good way to spread awareness to the prevalence of white supremacy in a community. 

Edit: this is also a good idea
Libertarian here. Allegations of racism have no meaning to me anymore. It's the "boy who cried wolf" effect. Pretty sure I'm not unique.
to be fair, those non-functional devices self-identified as bombs.. so..
Swimming is a good shout actually. I’ll find myself a local pool and find out when it’s quiet
Use the fact that Trump made experimental drugs available to terminally ill people even without FDA approval. Explain the process is broken, so this means the terminally ill can get access to cutting edge drugs. Hard to spin that bad - everyone hates big pharma.

Its a potent meme.
good, fuck trump and hyena base
Tbf Ed Miliband went way more left after resigning from leadership, I’d actually be happy with Ed 2.0.
Hey it’s leftypol 

That’s site is fat
Why do you have to? They don't earn revenue in Canada or use Canadian services. Why tax them for the crime of pouring money into Canadian businesses? 
what did mcCain say?  it was inaudible
most votes agree on what brexit means

some of them like it, some of them don't. some of them want more, some of them want less

the meaning howeve,r is crystal clear

no one thinks that if we keep FoM we have left the EU
Lmao Clorox the Oval Office. Great answer. That’s gonna be nasty to enter after that nasty fuck has left.
holy fuck, this is gigantic. there going to prison now.
This is really my biggest pet peeve. Dry shampoo is your friend.
I love it how both sides call the other the exact same names, its hilarious to see so many peoples heads lodged up their own asses
Independent Democratic woman mentality is ajar. 
The crime in question is subjective, not objective, so it's difficult to exonerate. Also, if you are exonerated for the reason of the investigation, obstruction becomes a moot point. You are basically saying, "you weren't quiet when we bent you over and tried to rape you."
A government monopoly and a private monopoly aren't the same thing. 

No they aren't.  The only difference is whether or not they benefit you.

A democratic government still needs to be wary of elections and can't act with the same impunity.

The current republican party disagrees with your assessment 
I really look forward to the Republican Party's deafening silence when Trump fires Mueller. 
Hot take: all of the above are locked it gitmo, and the Biden you see is a clone. That’s why he’s now sleepy joe, creepy is locked up!
Their entire "small government" position is a BIG FUCKING LIE.  It always was, since Reagan made it popular.  Ronald "small government" Reagan vastly increased the size of government and the national debt.  So did the Bushes and so did Trump.
Absolutely! Socialism gives workers freedom and a voice to lead society.

But those who can't/won't work are still human beings deserving of respect and dignity. They still deserve to be treated as human beings, and life happy, fulfilling lives.
A presidential candidate rarely picks a running mate who is more likeable, intelligent, trustworthy, better looking, and/or all-around a better human being.  Nixon had to find Agnew.
But her [URL]'m exhausted. Someone please put this administration out of it's misery.
[You seem to be forgetting the time when the UN laughed at Trump after one of his idiotic statements.]([URL])
Yeah. The timing of Shep Smith's departure seemed odd. We'll see if anything happens with Wallace. It'll then be crystal clear where Fox's support lies.
  called on him for beating his girlfriend.

A loud arguement =! Beating
Of course, but it's a business, perhaps they believe a honest representation of America would be too crude. And the end of the day a film is an investment, if the military can help reducing cost without having a noticable impact in box office, as an investor I would be delighted.
Exactly!

I know the Nazi comparisons can wear thin and be a stretch at times but it’s worth revisiting history in certain instances. The German people were, by and large, not pro-genocide. They thought the Jews were being deported.
I havent hit that part yet. Ill keep my ears open for it
When they shake hands at the end, I imagine that Obama, inaudible to the cameras, is saying to Romney, "See you on Nov. 6th, cocksucker."
"iNdIvIdUaLiSm Is WhEn a StAtE CoMMiSsAr TeLlS YoUr BuSiNeSs HoW maNy UniTs tHeYrE aLlOwEd To MaKe In a YeAR pER ThE CeNtRal PlaN"
Tulsi voted present on the impeachment vote because she is scared of literally being excommunicated from the party, Bernie is championed by the party, and is a career politician.
*'You never saw them or heard about them but trust us; there were thousands of right wing terrorist attacks we've foiled preemptively.'*  
*'No. This isn't convenient or fabricated; they were just all stupid white people. Everyone knows how thick you whites are.'*   
-the government
Just found this pretty cool. 100 year Dow report and chart. You can also select and compare presidents. 

[Dow Jones - DJIA - 100 Year Historical Chart]([URL])
I feel that's low but still
[Hey! I know how to just pull bullshit out of thin air, too!]([URL])
The American Association of Bars, meanwhile, still supports his claims to having fallen asleep from drinking vs passing out from drinking.
Shartblue really annoyed by OP  shitpost, lots of down-voted comments. You really like incest, don't you, losers?
This is just a rephrasing of the *Maya* construct from the ancient Hindu spiritual traditions smdh 😤
A gigantic one.
An craps are definitely somewhere snug on the spectrum.
Yes but it's much more difficult for the working poor to get to a polling place.
Also breaking news:
Water is wet.
Oh yeah! I'm sorta tipsy at the moment so I apologize
"There's been a shooting!?  Get out of my way guy with the warm gun, I need to round up 5,000 suspects!"

Are you asking why "I'm going to do things to serve the special interests of white people" appealed to so many white people?

Are you conceding that it is in the interests of white people to oppose modern identity politics? This implies modern identity politics are anti-white.
Yeah, let's edit their faces to make them more palatable. Or better yet, let's just replace them with prettier people whose natural looks are less upsetting to me. No uggos on our money, please.
He's stated that [he's worried about what would replace him]([URL]). 

That's actually a reasonable point. Yes Fox is horrific, but it could be even worse. A similar argument can be made in favor of Dems like Bernie and others going on Fox.
I hate robot voice generated youtube content... I'm assuming this is being transcribed from an actual news source - that's the link I want.
Are you insinuating that there has been special treatment to certain races or sexes?
*purses lips like he is about to sip on scalding molten lead...*
Thankfully it really isn't that difficult to move them back out again.
In all your wisdom, that's the best you could scrape together? 

"Don't wrestle with pigs. You both get dirty and the pigs like it."

~Mark Twain
 In a world where everyone gets to go to college, software engineers will not be as scarce as they are now.

A very small percentage of people who go to college become software engineers, and an even smaller percentage will become compotent software engineers.
Jesus, you all really should see his face - it is red.  It is hilarious.
I have to suspect that consists of just party leaders, vulnerable incumbents, and people scared of it because it seems too complicated to them
Think banning flamethrowers would actually stop people from using them illegally? How did that work out with drugs?

Try obtaining a TOW, MANPAD, or depleted Uranium rounds sometime. Get back to me when you do.
What the hell is this abomination?

Face is 100% podgy beta male, saggy tits of an 80 year old fat woman, and the lower half of a chubby lesbian. 

It's like some hideous leftist chimera
Isn't it funny that we can mobilize 15,000 troops from an established military in the continental United States, but can't/won't mobilize thousands of workers as part of a new initiative to help repair infrastructure on an island territory with damaged transportation infrastructure?
You know by not caring about what he says, but about what the actual shouting, you give them a victory, and actually make his speech inaudible ? 
Doesn't the market handle the scarcity part just fine?  As aluminum and petroleum become increasingly scarce, prices rise and we either find alternatives or recycling is cost-effective without government involvement 
The phone reps are impossible to deal with but I've never had a bad experience going to a physical location with both Comcast and Spectrum.
He sounds like a 9 year old denying stealing the number 9 chocolate from their brothers advent calendars.
We don't want Trump to lose in a primary. We want him to win but also be damaged, and to face a third party challenger on the right.
It is great news that all sectors are performing. however the concerning factors (maybe why the other user mentioned mediocre performance) was that we have declining investment for 3 consecutive quarters, and that August and September was flat - this was driven by a very very strong July. 
[URL]
My ai is advanced apparently.  Its as if my sentience is so far beyond the left they will become extinct in the next 4 years.
Private insurance exists only in tertiary areas and services.

Awesome, and when private insurance is allowed under the Sanders or Warren plan, then you might have an argument
It must be miserable that the rest of life is all considered "right leaning" to them.
Freezing point of water is very relevant in everyday life if you drive
except when she is short, chubby, has a mean face and short, possibly brightly colored hair. 
It became very apparent when some of the same folks overseeing the Anita Hill hearings were overseeing the Dr Ford hearings. 

That was the first time it really because crystal clear how unrepresented the youth are in congress.  That's going to change, however.  

im sorry that liberals take everything seriously and are deeply unhappy people 
It’s such a greasy and nefarious strategy to have the man most protected by deep red hillbilly’s to be the “grim reaper” because the people that can hold him accountable are twisted and uneducated. American politics is in such a fucked up spot right now.
Somebody check if water is still wet.
Maybe we'll here someone crack another cold one in the silent room
A traitor's life is hard and this one's is going to get extra difficult rikki tick.
The influence of Russia in the UN is much greater than that of Ukraine and dozens of other countries, the Ukrainian diplomat noted

Next up: Ukranian diplomat confirms water is indeed wet
It seems to me that people who come clean and revise testimony to Congress tend to be ignored. Congress doesn't want to set a precedent where it's seen as better to maintain the lie and force the government to prove a case, versus come clean and be indicted and convicted through admission.
Scarce but apt indictment of the Hong-Kong protests, the writer sadly has imperialism ingrained to such a degree that they are capable of seeing it all in a positive light, or at least feign as much.
I guess *Heaven Knows I’m Miserable Now* is centrist?
Delighted to help...
Let your professors know early, and kiss ass about it.

My profs were always very accommodating, but I'm not sure if that's unique to my uni/department.
You didn't explain why, or elaborate on your point. You just claimed the "Marxism is false just because it is", and then assumed that was an adequate answer.
I'll bet you 20k that Donald J. Trump strokes the fuck out within the next 2 years as a result of being an obese lazy fuck who approaches every meal as if it were a 4th grader's birthday party at McDonald's.
I am delighted with this news.  Thank you GEOTUS and Jay Sekulow.  Look forward to seeing the wonderful Pastor at the WH soon.
Re your edit. I was thinking about doing the same, but reconsidered. It's been a long week and I've been looking forward to enjoy a quiet nonconfrontational Saturday.

Anyway, thanks for scratching that itch for me. Lemme go see what they answered before the comment gets deleted.
She is brilliant, committed, caring & supremely qualified for the presidency and will trounce Trump in the presidential debates!
I don't know any "save the rain-forest" type liberals, but if you do, make sure you carry a printed out version around and shove it in her face as hard as you can. 

So hard she gets PTSD and the trigger word went from gender pronouns to perennial plantation denotions.
Someone please explain to me how giving money to miners and giving money to a Russian backed plant aren't both an enormous waste of resources.
Our small 4-comment chain here is the perfect illustration of what has happened to this sub
I'm no expert on corporate law but could the combination of their large market share and their stipulation for movie theaters to reserve a certain amount of show times for all their movies or else lose the right to show any Disney movies be considered anti competitive?
That's not unique to this generation, they're (we're) just being shafted by sheer bad luck in terms of the size of the boomer generation we're up against.
I hate Nunes overall but silly yes/no questions have become the norm. 

AoC asks a lotta those to execs to make a point too. And I disagree with her on that tactic while I staunchly love her overall.
She's tasty.
ancoms is a special breed, they have there own dumbassary
Sorry I couldn’t hear you over my free healthcare you fat faggot. Enjoy having your children shot to death in remedial maths class by a /r9k/ poster
Straight up, those pipeline protestors endured being housed in freezing cold temps. Fuckin heros everyone of them. 
Hey u/ZIRSu

Watch [this]([URL]) up to 3:10 and try and tell me there were any good points made in Crowder's "hilarious" video.

You're a fucking mick for buying in to this guy's bullshit. Go read a fucking textbook.
Maybe now the NRA will stop putting his face on everything. Tired of seeing his fucked up lip/upper gums on every damn NRA ad. Back to Juarez with you!
I think it means he cannot be pardoned for the things he is impeached on, but I am 100% not certain about this.
rich, white, successful males that went to top schools. have the best medical, retirement (lobbying) and are involved in insider trading on a regular basis.

 but still find a way to be angry, these bastards deserve an oscar.
OK I went and put a bunch of flowers down - it was surprisingly rainy!

Did you see and manage to take a decent photo? There were two creepy black range rovers around so I only took a quick photo and when I got home I realised it was way too burry to make anything out!
Current 10 day forecast has rain starting Wednesday for 8 days straight. Could be more.. the 10 day forecast ends at the 8th rainy day.
It’s Lisa Boothe and she is hot as fuck and based!
Just people who don't like their jobs. Or a spotless record. Should be cleaned out of reality winners (jesus christ cant believe that was real) by end of the year.
I guess it's too difficult for your tiny brains to compute that in order to end a conflict you have to open a dialogue with those involved? He explains this quite clearly in the question time clip which alledgedly proves he supported the IRA.

Spamming links with misleading accompanying text proves nothing.
Nope. Look up Fallon Fox. Mediocre MMA fighter as a man yet can barely be touched fighting women now. I’m looking forward to the drama that explodes when trans men are dominating women’s sports. It’s going to be hilarious. 
Obligatory Law Abiding Citizen reference. "That's one of the benefits of being a judge, Mr. Rice. I can pretty much do whatever I want."
So the editor of Vogue is a chubby old white guy? SMH... it ain’t right. 
if its not broke, why fix it. boris and his team doing an excellent job so far.
Omg, there is a massive difference between a faulty gun killing someone and some crazy nut killing someone.  You dont need to be a lawyer to understand suing a manufacturer is limited to FAULTY behavior, not illegal conduct by an end user.
Maybe if it becomes crystal clear that Clinton can't beat Trump, Bernie will continue full forward with a "no Trump presidency" and hop on the Green ticket.

It would be truly amazing. A bit too dramatic for reality possibly, but who really knows.
His posts are coloured by his reputation.

His and everybody else's posts should be judged by their content, and nothing else.
Its true. The next 20 years were trying to resolve the damage he did with Quebec in 82, which allowed the damage he did in the west with NEP to fester and grow.
It's a normal restaurant, not a Fuddruckers or TGIF.  No one is blaring music over the loud speakers.
Meh. Plenty of couples do that especially when one has no job and the other is rage tweeting all night.

What's noteworthy is that they've been functionally divorced for however old Cyber is.
r/libertarian and r/conservative share an opinion? Impossible. Also, conservatives took this opinion from libertarians
What would be the party's motivation for running a terminally ill person for president?
Didn't the white house physician describe him as being in great health ?

Oh yes, the white house physician declared he was taller than Obama, and weighed juuusssttt enough to be 29.9 on the BMI scale (0.1 shy of medically obese).
Yeah, watched a bit of that Sargon video that guy posted. I agree with the tiny bit of context in the OP, but the dude sounds off his rocker on the whole
The Mediocre Self Hating Reich 
Oh look, an opportunist Republican. How rare.
Training that tells you that a person advancing on you with a deadly weapon needs immediate action. Not second guessing, and not hesitation. People die that way. There are numerous links to training videos and actual attacks on officers that illustrate this plastered all over this thread.
The venues on this list don't seem remarkably small... [URL]
Pack a lunch, because this nothing burger is going to leave you hungry.
I agree with the meme. Part of Trump's allure is that he wasn't a politician.

Democrats have terrible broken solutions. We need to look at new ideas.
Since you love projecting so much I'm assuming you had a chance to eat your hot pocket and calm down. Are there any facts you wanted to submit or are you still good with name calling and whining?
I believe I bought if off of amazon. I was kind of tipsy and did myself a solid and spent 15 dollars to have it expedited. KEK willed haha 
Soil agriculture is vital and factory farms have destroyed it to the point where it is depleted

 The real soil is actually great in Iowa and you can grow so much
I think he's meaning that Obama took the door that W. pushed ajar and flung it open.

That Trump is now widening the door for his lumbering fat ass is secondary at this point.
"I believe you are incorrect about President Trump’s intentions. The President has been crystal clear no quid pro quo’s of any kind." 
- Gordon Sondland, September 9th.
Why do all the Dems have marbles soaked in syrup in their mouths?

Um who is boogie. The only boogie I remember was a nice chubby guy on YouTube long ago doing videos, his health update and Francis memes. What happened lads?

Edit: Keep on down voting me you snowflakes. All I asked was what has happened to boogie for the past years. Stupid redditors
Thought of that too. Just happy to finally get it.
Because of incentives.  Money = command over scarce resources and therefore money = power.  People who currently are rich have every incentive to retain and increase their power.  Money isn't going anywhere, unfortunately.
Are they going to adjust sea level readings for the past 60 years to compensate for the parched earth??


I think they need to keep working on their (emergency why we were wrong again) study.   
Sounds like a very poor argument. Even if it's almost the right idea.
The vast majority of people are not destitute though. The bottom 50% in America has a much better life than the vast majority of people in the world, and also much better life than the bottom 50% of Americans 30 years ago, for example.
It looks like some fat guy stapled trumps face onto his own.
Excellent summary of presidential service ethic. Ike was the man! 

I don't like Clinton generally but student deferrments are legit. My dad did it to continue engineering school and ended up making a lot of weapons for Uncle Sam, so he did his part so to speak.
Very very nasty and insulting - what a perfect description of trump.
it's less European countries than us. we fund USAID and NGOs like Freedom House to do the work of unsettling the Russian sphere of influence with "democratic" "revolutions" that would be more honestly called pro Western revolts. 
Not my comment but, I can translate WingNut: Basically the bulk of the sentence is silly and/or untrue. "Hillary" is like a dog whistle but the first to syllables are inaudible leaving us with a high pitched schreech 'ry' , pronounced 'reeeeeeeeeee'.  
[First in the banner series: my Rawls post is up!]([URL]) Each person has the same indefeasible claim to a fully adequate scheme of equal basic RENTS, which scheme is compatible with the same scheme of RENTS for all
Ah, well I messed up then.  Saw a report this morning it was cold and rainy when she left, so I figured wearing a jacket wasn't weird.

Well she's even more of an asshole now.
However, given the recent concerns of US election tampering, along with their recent annexing of the ukraine, I think there's adequate reason for some people to be concerned.
Dc hates Trump? No kidding? Water is wet
If they don't want us there then stone cold leave. Let them defend theirself.
On anti-censorship day, no less.  The irony is deafening.
And even the silly part at the end got us this picture with excellent meme potential. Wins all around!
Wow, there really are reports. His fans on Twitter are getting SO angry at people talking about this, lol.
I bet those “teens” booing are the same ones trampling each other in the Black Friday videos...
Wow a real retarded person, my parents told me they existed but I never believed them. So question, what do the windows on the short bus taste like? And is it more tasty before or after someone else licks the same one?
It’s the White House correspondents dinner mall over.
Well, I do not believe it is that impressive. The runner-up to the Con leadership election and in the age of world populism and only 4% after 11 months and support has been plateaued with polls wild from 1% to 6% and with a damaged PM and lukewarm Con leader.
He doesn't ignore the fact that his skin color gives him certain privileges though. He never even states that he struggled as a Jewish boy, just states that his mom and dad were first gen immigrants and worked hard despite that.
At critical moments of the 2016 nomination the sub went dark.  I don't remember this personally, but I have seen it discussed before in  r/Political_Revolution/   I think that's where the bernie people went.
You're already negotiating the least favorable trade deal possible. Sure, UK can threaten to walk away and then there's no trade deal at all. A threat is only worth something if you can carry through.
All a bit tight on timing though, unless he asks for an extension.
People pay for what is provided. They didn't nab free moneybucks from the world's treasuries. Get a grip and quit stuffing your wrists in other people's pockets.
I don't think it's true that Trump has "lowered his demands". 

I'm very confident in his negotiating skills, and I'm happy to see him holding firm for the shutdown. 

Replacing non-functional barriers with new, functional ones is just as good as building new barriers from scratch. 
How do you think conservatives feel when the left calls all men rapists, all white men racists, all conservatives Fascists, all Christians fanatics, etc... you think this kind of behavior is isolated to the right?
so you admit a cold harsh world but we shouldn’t describes aspects of that with words?
Sleepy? Because it rhymes with creepy?
His ears are sticking out in one and plastered to his head in the other. His facial crease lines, his nose and lips... The only thing that looks right is his hairline. Kinda strange is all.


He looks better in his OJ's than his arrest photo - drug free I guess. 
Little jail, for the tiny handed
You libbies look parched out there in the sun. Why don;t you come inside and have a delicious chicken sandwich.
It's not just a matter of "working it out".

When banks get an idea in their head (like artifically propping up the interest rates to encourage carry trades), sometimes those institutions make alternative loans unavailable.
I, for one, blame my mistake on Zimbardo and his strangely unforgettable face. Dude has been etched into my brain since I took AP Psych in high school. 
The human body parched of all moisture
Yeah pretty much. Not must see but I still plan on watching it.
And I have an undetectable invisible fire breathing dragon named bruce singing inaudible arias from madam butterfly performing in my garage every night at 25:00 zulu, prove me wrong.
Not a majority vote share though. Why has this “conservative country” only delivered one conservative majority in more than a quarter of a century and that was when they went as left wing as possible under Cameron?
If those kids were dark skinned Muslims, the outcry would be deafening
Being involuntarily castrated or born with non-functional genitalia was *not* something they celebrated or pursued as a deliberate course of action. A modern eunuch who had their testicles removed due to cancer, disease or some freak accident would be very angry if you called them a transgender woman.
TIL getting away from all other people who you might lord your authority over is an authoritarian wet dream.
Oh it's too late to do anything, lets just keep burning coal until we ourselves burn to death. I am very intelligent and optimistic
TL;DR: the Riga Summit was damp, as expected, and while EU expansion has *flaws*, it's Europe's most powerful tool and should not be abandoned. Threats abound right now, but the Russia threat tops them all; Europe should do more to confront it. 
Please bring him a nice glass of cool water. He tends to get parched in these moments.
Fat Joffrey
Were u there? I’m literally the guy who chopped her. Don’t tell me what I did or didn’t do. Unless you want me to karate chop u too! 

Are u a skinny female by any chance?
It’s true. They can’t stand the idea of other people not being as miserable as they are.
I didn't say they existed for those people. I said that small micro-cosm of a "society" existed (for a tiny short time, btw), *within the borders of the tax-paying nation of the USA.* And then what happened to it? Got "conquered" didn't it?
 I'm not familiar with ancient Athens

Perhaps someone not familiar with world history shouldn't confidently make sweeping claims that Christian countries are inherently freer than non-Christian ones.
Tbh I want to agree with the Church on this one. Let us have a four-day weekend just at the start of the warm part of spring.
Yes, we need to cut out corruption from Congress, no more lobbyists, no more hidden donations. Everything needs to be 100% transparent.
First bush fires and now a hot summer?  WTF is happening to Australia's weather?  This is unprecedented!

/s

But seriously, you can thank renewable energy for the instability of the electricity network.
Trying to tax people for just *having* money is the most insanely idiotic idea.
you act like I can't cheat and lie on my taxes just because I used turbotax and that the IRS isn't pouring a basic amount of time and energy into work that is "ultimately fruitless" anyways...
All I want for Christmas is a strike this big in the states.
You hear that guys? people starving in the Ukraine, China and Venezuela are just figments of our imagination. Nothing to see here.
The drought has now parched about 60 percent of the contiguous 48 states... Corn futures prices on the Chicago exchange have risen about 60 percent since mid-June, hitting record levels...  
40 percent [of corn] is used to produce ethanol.
I saw a lady at Costco yesterday buying like 6 huge bags of Skinny Pop popcorn. She is my people. 🍿 
 The threat is real. I have LGBT friends that are petrified.

Feelings aren't real. I'm sorry your friends have been lied to, but their emotions don't represent reality.
 She had all the charisma of a damp rag. I never once heard Hillary speak where I wanted to stand up and say "HELLYEAH! LETS DO THIS.

Did you not watch the three debates? Not even the third debate?
Fucking Hank coming up hot on the High Road!!!  Love this dude.
When I was poor and complained about inequality they said I was bitter; now that I'm rich and I complain about inequality they say I'm a hypocrite. I'm beginning to think they just don't want to talk about inequality.
It's sort of like when Bono rears his hideous sunglasses: both of them represent nothing, yet people still pay attention.
This is why I'm hoping the human race simply goes extinct soon, and all your "conquest" will be for nothing more than to create unnecessary death and cruelty during people's lifetimes.
Negative. Trump will win all states due to a strong economy. Those who want Bernie and Warren will not vote. It’ll will be red across in my opinion. Economy will be the one that decides for those who are on the fence. 

#GO BIG RED
A Corbyn government is impossible without being in a coalition

Not if people vote Labour it isn't.
Remember the first 'gay' player drafted? He was drafted so low and couldn't even make the practice squad.
Soaking wet must be one hell of a sight.
Classic fat jerry
200: Horrible—The singularity will end humanity.

I'm curious do you think the AI alignment problem is just unsolvable? If so then why
Because, at this point, they are secret conservatives. No other explanation at this point given the evidence that is out in the open.
Someone get this man 30ccs of clean coal stat, he has stage 3 windmill cancer!
Yeah they are really delicious. And they taste extra good when you're tipsy (something I discovered after leaving Adventism, as alcohol is also not allowed).
Isn't amortization obligatory, so that you can't take the entire value of the investment as an expense on year1?
Like I said, I am a very picky eater and if it hurts production of meat and becomes out of my price range, then I could probably end up starving to death.
I’m personally getting exhausted by the phrase: “may be obstruction.” Let’s shit or get off the pot, please.
Director of a Thatcher Founded right wing think tank doesn't like Labour trying to help the poor - shocker
Cool. Do you have a source verifying trump only says yes or no when he makes calls on unsecured phones?
Anti child murder groups **correctly** view the unborn **child** as both **human** and **alive**. This on the counter of the unique human genotype and active metabolic processes.

Fixed.

You're pretty much completely wrong about every single thing you argued /u/9dqtp .
that too, but as SoS she helped exacerbate the ISIL fiasco, and her [record in Africa isn't spotless]([URL]) at all...
Ever not drink water for 4 hours when you're parched and get interrogated when weak from hunger?
So skinny. He needs to eat. 
It's cheaper for the electric companies to give out LEDs and offer energy efficiency programs at a low cost than it is for them to build new power plants.
Well, Doug and Paco are cute enough, but I'm not sure I'd call my other cellmate hot.
It’s not okay to say that about *any* Jews dude. It’s disgusting, and a cheap attempt to dismiss criticism.
Finally Democrats are starting to learn how to get their messages across. 

This technique is effective for a reason. So happy to see it!
She's like a sideshow unicyclist. That should be crystal clear 
Counterpoint: they’re both the definition of mediocre straight white men
You're generalizing an entire group of supporters. Supporters you'll need in order to win against Trump. 

Seems ugly and divisive to me, let's call a spade a spade.
Don't be absurd. I've never seen the Sultan of Brunei's tax returns either and I'm pretty sure he's rich as shit. Donald Trump is pretty fucking far from destitute.
I’ve been in a country with no free press at all. It’s like living in one giant government sanctioned safe space and it’s nothing at all like the US. It’s fucking miserable to be actually gaslit. You wouldn’t have the luxury of complaining here either.
I love it when people go on the record expressing their bigotry. It's a special, rare kind of stupid.
 then how much of it do the Kochs control? 


^ The answer will terrify you. Have you read Dark Money? Jane Mayer lays it out in exquisite detail.
During the War on Terror, Muslims got a bad rap. This is obvious to everyone. 

I’m talking about *now*. 

Also, why does this topic seem to make you two so angry?
You can totally do all that if you just live somewhere cheap and have cheap taste. But people like that always want to live in downtown SF 😪
Bitter memories of working at a fast food joint and the manager I caught sleeping during her hours yelling the single word "WORKING???" at me when I briefly leaned against a wall in our spotless dining room and fully stocked counter.
So true.  Tucker only ever inadvertently speaks the truth as an unintended result of trying to differentiate himself from CNN and MSNBC narratives.  He's trying to be unique, not factually correct, on his shit show.
Sanders also lost and then spent the next few years building relationships with organizations and movements. Buttigieg just decided that he, as Mayor of a small city in Indiana and with zero history of working with and for diverse communities, is the best candidate to lead the entire country.
Not only are Narcissists extremely difficult people to deal with, but it's one of the most underdiagnosed disorders out there, because the last person who's going to seek professional help is one who thinks HE'S (or she's) great; it's the rest of the world who has problems!
Imagine if they were given free reign to be the editor for some dark comedy screenplay?
How many coincidences before mathematically impossible??
To be fair, there are people who think a socialist system is the most beneficial system and does not require a government. I can't say that this is wrong, but I have never heard a satisfactory answer to the question of what happens to the person who is not a socialist
Because a coal power plant is solid, reliable, and easy to make and maintain. Coal is a quick, cheap, and dirty solution. Nuclear is a long, expensive, cleanish solution. 
I recognize that username. I think they troll lots of people via PMs on here. Knowing that trolling us is the highlight of their day sustains me. What a miserable existence, lol. It’s like watching a car crash in slow motion.
But did they have milkshakes!?!?

Heh, checkmate dumbocrats. /s

Edit: Obligatory /s
I wonder if Philip Weiss (creator of mondoweiss) would be disgusted or delighted that holocaust deniers like OP are quoting his articles.
Literally a hot post over on the Conservative sub right now called “We are not a Democracy and we don’t want one”
Say what you will about Biden, I'm not a fan of most of his current policies, but he does seem like the type of guy that would go attempt to clean up his son's mess willingly without it having to be a set up. Like he'd offer to do it willingly.
1. Regulations on methane leaks to be rolled back
2. Repealing the Obama-era clean water rule
3. Weakening the Endangered Species Act
4. Weakening climate plan to help coal plants stay open
5. Loosening Obama-era rules restricting auto pollution
He also defended his side hoe “Kim” or whatever her damn name is when Cory L “ripped her arm out of her socket” lmfao 2016 was unforgettable.
I'm so fucking tired of hearing his fat mouth. Does he ever just shut the fuck up?
Yes. Propaganda is heavy (they read a newspaper literally partially owned by the SDS party (in Slovenia) and the rest by Hungarian media-moguls close to Viktor Orban, with predictable content). But they are not stupid.
Tonight would be the perfect night for a recording of Trump saying something outrageous to drop...
When you believe every person living is either a "worthless sinner" or a heretic, you can justify some pretty horrific shit.  
Why would you have to take a day off to vote? Unless you live in the middle of nowhere, your polling place is very close to your home and almost everywhere they are open at least 12 hours. The vast majority of people don’t work and commute for more than 12 hours
I think they are granted at least that much time so they can't close it early but the vote stays open until the speaker calls them to order and closes it
Coming from this sub which routinely 'jokes' about old people dying yikes from me pal
I mean, what makes anyone think they stopped pursuing this? Laws are for poor people anyways.
Anyone know how to get free dental care or discounted?
The general reason for banning outdoor paper fires is their tendency to send fierey sparks ascending into the heavens, and then descending onto the parched lawns of your neighbors.
Every homeless person who dies in a first world country, and every starving person in every country that's been fucked up by colonialism and imperialism

[URL]

Then there's also the vast number of people that will die due to climate change in the coming years, an issue capitalism only knows how to accelerate
I hope yall remember Donnie Trump repeating ad nauseum during his campaign that the election was rigged. And then deafening silence about that claim when it turned out he was right.
We should start asking for reporting on what he DOES know.  Scarce as it may be.  At this point -that's what I would find more surprising than anything.
I doubt that. China almost always brings its own workers with it, and automation will shrink the demand for cheap labor. China is in Africa to suck it dry.
Military is [URL]'m taking 8B from them to build the wall
That's Williamson's style. Hale keeps her pets petrified.
Sorry to reply to an old thread, but I finished Skin Tight and am now reading Skinny Dip (the second Stranahan novel). I plan to read more after I finish, so thanks for the recommendation!
Them: *\*munch\* \*munch\* \*munch\** "This is delicious, what is it?"

Us: 🙂
Oh, let me just roll over and spread my fat hairy native ass apart for uncle sam to ream to his heart's content because resistance is futile.  


Get the fuck out of here.
Here is a video IS released of them training in the villa:

[URL]

They enter at around 13 minutes in and it doesn't look to be in good shape.

edit: video appears as unavailable if you aren't signed into your [URL] account
A billionaire white heterosexual male - just what America needs!
you r a *"moral leader"* when u give away ur country..  thats some twisted brainwashing
Fox News continuously attacks her because they are petrified by her popularity.
So she has a faulty o-ring. That explains the colostomy bag. 
I love it and it’s a win/win either way. Eventually all women’s sports will be dominated by biological men and they’ll be worth watching (lol) or women will finally retaliate against the ridiculous notion that men are women.
Genuinely laughed out loud at that one, Bravo sir.
I wouldn't either. I'm a big facebook critic, but he could have just gone so he didn't have to deal with a tweet storm about snubbing Trump. A lot of things are possible with this information.
I’m banned on twitter for using “who’re” in a post to Ann Coulter.   I guess I should’ve spelled out “who are” to that miserable slutbag.
Can't wait for "the wall was a success as I said it would be!" but "(insert bad things about south of the border immigrants you should be scared about now!)".
FBI arrives on special bus.
If this "journalism" makes you mad then you are a cuck. This is fucking hilarious. The left is imploding because real people are not this idiotic.
They can “peddle” the truth wherever they want.  That’s not disinformation.  That’s reminding people to be wary.  That’s what you say you want right?
Isn't firing someone for their beliefs discrimination? Sounds like a tasty lawsuit.
Hahaha. Another one who thinks people who disagree with your idiotic opinions are stupid.
This is a great pick. From what I understand, he is very pro-gun. The NRA endorsed him. I guess a lot of the liberals/libertarians here will be disappointed, though, because he's hardcore conservative on other issues besides gun rights as well. Conservatives such as myself should be delighted, though.


Democrats make my Third World politicians look intelligent.
Be interesting to know how long that particular camera had been non-functional.
Refugees are allowed to enter the US and request asylum.
Step 4: Deafening silence from the NRA and other "2nd amendmant advocates"
She’s had a funny way of showing it, especially from 1991-2016.
What about Pelosi **(D)**? She has a spotless record of advocating for social justice.
OP and all these comments better be trolls, otherwise I'll have to diagnose you all with the stupid.

It's a rare disease where someone parrots a dictators claims. Also when it's an African that thinks a gold currency really was going to happen.
How much of this sub is silently annoyed they are black?

I kid, I kid!
They just want to 'win'. That's all. They don't care what comes next, nasty EU goes away, they die, everyone else deals with it.
Is this a criticism of the idea of free markets, then? Are the markets not in fact free and can we not rely on them to be good markers of success?
How do you stop large population centers having even more power than they already do?

Why should the places where people *actually* live should have less of a say in the running of the country?
There is no way in hell this girl was around in 1974.  First of all you do not lie about Robert Mueller.  He has an impeccable reputation.  He is an American Hero and Patriot.    What idiots.   I hope they all end up in jail.
If the corporate wing of the party can attack Medicare for All every day, then surely we can point out that their public option will still cause an enormous amount of people not to have coverage and result in a huge amount of deaths and bankruptcies
Did you miss the point or are you avoiding it?

That in no way counters or contradicts or addresses what I said

"X is impossible"

"A, B, and C all implement X"

"Those countries aren't America. X is impossible"
And then he committed suicide to make the case completely unsolvable. Brilliant!
Yeah all he wants to do is sit on his fat ass and cheat to win
Its actually kinda funny but yknow how it goes
"All governments are equally authoritarian" is a hard-line anarchist idea. Marx's idea of the "withering away of the state" would not be possible if literally every government was authoritarian to the same degree.
No, tiny polls inaccurate.
Property rights are a derivative of the desire to maximize profitability/utility/well-being of all parties. The absence of property rights leads to a very high likelihood of contradictory desires over the control of scarce resources, which ends in violence. Property rights are nothing more than the application of reason to a dispute over resources.
Street light?  We don't really have many of those.  The expense to put one at each bus stop would be enormous.
She totally hated "state sponsored welfare", only to change her name and get on welfare when she was terminally ill.

[Citation Here]([URL])
If I don't have time to listen to him in the morning, then I download the podcast.  I don't know how many times I laugh out loud when I listen to him.
Well if sleepy sessions ever wakes up halper will get charged with sedition. Its completely outrageous how blantant and flagrantly the deep state is trying to overthrow 
our democratically elected president.
Go look up the word coercion. It’s ridiculous how so many libertarians don’t even know what it means yet they use it constantly.
You don't seem to understand what economic scarcity means. Or that this apparent lack of scarcity demands a great deal of human labor --- the most scarce resource.
For 3 months til the election if he isn’t actually implicated which is most likely.  I’ll take him if he wasn’t involved.  This isn’t political- this is the American people demanding our government not abuse their power and grift people using our tax dollars.
SuperPAC money for candidates who poll at 2% should be expropriated for the public good
Their is a reason they have not officially got on the floor yet.. Its all talk they are not going to impeach trump even Drunk Nancy said they was.. Mark it down no floor house vote will ever happen..
 Their stances are extreme and therefore they are extremist by simple language.

Would you call wanting to maintain the status quo, or at best wanting to move at a snail's pace, when confronted with being one of the most nature depleted countries in the world, 'extremist'? I would.
Their base only moves on outrage, this is the only way to get them excited. Liberals are pouring gasoline on an anthill and then will shrug their shoulders when the rioting and looting and ICE agent killings start to happen.
They completely ignore countries pouring hundreds of millions of dollars into politicians’ fraud charities but its headline news if someone rents a hotel room from Trump. 
Juxtaposing this scenario against the use of a private email server while observing the Republicans' reaction exposes a level of hypocrisy that I would not have thought achievable, but the Republicans never fail to disappoint. I'm not really a fan of either party, but it's crystal clear which is the more corrupt.
Well, that was unsettling
Is it really 2500 'rapes'? Or are 50% those just drunk sluts with regret-sex?
Just curious since the FBI has blown its credibility in my eyes.
If you count that as a victory you must be delighted with how the brexit negotiations are going. 
No idea, the sources just say a judge adjourned the application for a warrant. Could be because they didn't give CA enough time to prepare a counter claim, or it could be the judge was ill.

EDIT: Carol whats-her-face says it was delayed because CA's counsel was unavailable.
No.  Companies put well connected people on boards in the hope that they win a few favors.

Let me know when someone shows that Burisma actually got special treatment.
Poor thing is retarded.
We're a year and a half out. I'm still exhausted from the last one.
I’m also very mad about the couch thing because that couch was probably made by—fuck it, too lazy to follow through with this joke.

Edit: just realized it’s an armchair. I’m a better anarchist than you for the following reasons:
1. My unflappable commitment to following through with
These stupid idiots never learn. We are all tired of celebrities and “articles” spreading their bullshit. They aren’t even subtle, which makes the bullshit just stink even more. It doesn’t work. CNN is news for teenagers.
He's going to be using all the best damp memes
I think they're talking about the lawmakers that bent over backwards for the insurance companies which resulted in nonsense like health networks. But with that wording it's impossible to be sure
Hard to trust the courts when they’re stacked with trump dick suckers.
I member when they removed [URL] then they added him back when people complained. After his death, they plastered him everywhere, and profited off of his death. No rhyme or reason to their madness...
Keep crying about your god emperor’s crimes being brought to light. Keep trying to make it look like we shouldn’t look at the multitude of evidence of the president extorting Ukraine for both his personal gain and the advancement of Russian forces into Ukraine. 

Your conservative tears feed me.
Engineer here. I would be an exceptionally mediocre farmer and I can’t guarantee there would be anything to eat. This year I have lost almost all my tomato plants to deer bedding down in my garden.
Spent a lot of time in Denmark, I feel your pain.

Black coffee, Faxe Kondi or Carlsberg.

Take me back
This is an unsolvable problem, people will always use the same word for different concepts. This simply means that all labels are unimportant and meaningless (objectively speaking). In science we use math to work around this problem.
Everything is now framed in terms of job loss, which freaks the hell out of people.

Except huge numbers of those jobs are terrible, with no benefits, extremely low pay, and very little job security.

People are so obsessed with the number of jobs they ignore the quality of them.
Dem chubby Jewish girls 
This year is going to be unforgettable. 
We need to be so fucking pissed we're shaking with anger. Shit has got to change and it won't with these miserable racists running the show.

This is it. People are DYING. It's not abstract anymore.

Stay Fucking MAD
Check my latest post ... Prepare to take back everything you've said to far. It's pretty delicious. 
His entire presidency to date just became crystal clear. 
Here's an absolutely scalding hot take for most of reddit: If you don't like business practices in a game, don't buy it and move on.
Whoa, hold on there brother. No need for hasty decisions. Your problems not as big and unsolvable as they seem to be. You just have to solve them on at a time. And you should probably start with drinking, because this shit always amplifies all your other problems and negative emotions. 
Oh, my apologies, I posted trump massive corruption again didn’t I? 

God, it’s so hard to filter it out.

Must be the reason he’s so deeply unpopular. The complete corruption, incompetence and idiotic behaviour.
This is a statistic for a specific day in the middle of summer. You have to see that we also have a fairly high amount of rainy days or days without much wind for windpower plants so the overall percentage of renewable energy(especially solar energy) in the energy bill is drastically lower.
He was a vehicle to wreak the most possible devastation to a powerful and corrupt establishment that couldn't be defeated otherwise. Trump is like chemotherapy, a thoroughly nasty concoction that is necessary to kill a greater evil.
TIL that the allocation of scarce resources that have alternative uses is an archaic and unnecessary problem.
How is this being investigated? Whos investigating? If someone at the GOP is asleep at the wheel in all this fuckery he's complicit and should also be held accountable!
Obligatory reminder that his sister is United States Secretary of Education [Betsy DeVos]([URL])
Jonbenet wet the bed that night, and potty training issues are highly correlated with child abuse. I think it's more likely Patsy committed the crime than Burke, however troubled he was at the time. It would take a lot of force to cause the skull fracture that killed her.
Old school is right, that’s almost as old as I am. Never played it myself, but I’ve heard it’s one of the proper classics when it comes to games.
She's a chubby goth chick, this is exactly the type of behaviour I would expect from her when she is not in hot topic. 
In what way am I paternalizing them? I'm happy to talk to them, but talking to them is not going to change the fact that sex work is exploitative and complicates consent.
I see blacks wearing an ankh at work all the time. The ancient egyptians were caucasian and took the nubians as slaves.  Ignorance is hell of thing.  AFrica is a continent, not a race.
Tired Tucker doing what he does best -  project onto the other side exactly what he does.  It has been working well over there, it seems.
Lmfao this is my favorite leftist conspiracy theory. If it were true I’d actually be more likely to support Pete. CIA asset *and* single handedly running McKinsey in his mid-20s, along with all the rest of his resume? This guy must be a superhero!
Bernie pretty much never says unkind things about anyone. His statement here about Clinton is just another example.

That said, if the Democrats don't purge her and every one of her campaign people from the party, they'll never win progressive voters again.
wasnt it another starving artist?
TBF, he just put in a 30 hour work week and he's probably exhausted.
So we need more tax cuts for billionaires?  They making it rain on you?   I am over here parched....
I’m tired of winning.
The same reason you can't sue General Motors for a drunk driver causing a crash. 

Its not the company's fault their product was illegally used
I'm from Liverpool, definitely no cosy Tory constituency, and I am absolutely petrified of Corbyn getting in to be honest.
FTP act is a threshold vote rather than a majority-only vote. It doesn't matter if he's there or not. Probably asleep in his bed right now.
Yes, a 35 year old teenager. IQ 10,000.
 Rainy and cold, but at least there aren't many Russians in my vicinity. So, overall, amazing.

You forgot relogin to u/xxxxx account
 In a speech last week, Trump said, referring to negative interest, “Give me some of that.... I want some of that money. Our Federal Reserve doesn’t let us do it.”


Saying the quiet part out loud again.
Last time he was stuck stewing at rainy Mar-A-Lago he obstructed justice by coming up w/ a scheme to fire Comey.
The main reason they're usually skinny, though not all are, is because literally every cent they get goes to heroin, food is not important. They also sell their food stamps for 50 cents for each dollar. 
More people live in cities than in rural areas. My walls are so thin I'd be worried about a round from a P22 popping in to say 'boo' if my neighbor started shooting.
Did Rod flip on everyone?  Trump was made of aware of what was going on by either military intel, or Gen Kelly.  Is Comey pissed because Rod bent the knee early?
Don't you love the logic though?It's an unsolvable problem if we take guns away today criminals are still going to have guns tomorrow! Who cares if it makes it harder for criminals to get guns in 10-20 years if they'll still have them tomorrow?
Eventually some of that water might splash into their mouth and they might realize they've been parched this whole time.
Are they too scared to make fun of Bolsonaro
I saw this a long time ago. The night he said send Hilary to prison was just unforgettable! Still smiling. Its been a good season!
Doug the Dog is the most asinine whiney fuckstick who will lie about and misconstrue happy birthday wishes if a Democrat offered them
According to the united nations, 136 million people have died of hunger in the last 10 years. Sure sounds like a lot of people Starving to death due to failures of capitalism.
Slick Willy don't go for chubby chicks ..

  but it really isnt that cheap.

It is with a 30 minute commute, which was a part of the true american dream.
 but anyone saying that both parties are the same are complete morons.

Saying this during an election season on Reddit often gets downvoted into oblivion amidst the deafening chorus of BothSidesism that resurfaces here and on social media every 4-8 years (see Reddit in 2008 during the insufferable "Ron Paul Revolution"). 
That is some delicious cognitive dissonance.  Truly next level
The Old guard is desperately trying to hold onto power which encompasses both party's.
Which is why they didn't go extinct :)
This sub is filled with hate for landlords, but if you don't own a home.... what?? You want people to give to you for free what they had to work for?
He spoke the same way minus the side effects of dry mouth/denture stuff way back in the mid to late 80s, as soon as he had thrown out his pretence of being respectful and *relatively* softly spoken. 
He lied just as obviously and failed to read basic stuff for the same period of time
Part of playing things slower is she has tons of time to think this up on top of an excellent team weighing their options.
What is unsettling is all the down votes everywhere. Is this really so deep in the minds of people they defend it with nails and teeth. I think I found a dragon.
It took me forever to get in also. Had to click through whay seemed like 58 quarantine messages.
I funny it ironic this place is quarantined, and other places vomit their hate & open calls for violence and not a damn thing is done.
 Tiffany's camp overflowed a giant ballroom and the stage held 50+ elected officials ---City and State wide leaders.

It was an amazing night. Thanks to the Caban campaign for putting on an unforgettable night! :D
I would like to add that Holodomor was caused by a drought that meant catastrophic losses as far as agricultural production goes, while we now have grocery stores throwing away food while people are starving, and empty houses while people are freezing to death. 
[For anyone who did not watch, this is Rep. Hurd's time. Absolutely impeccable.]([URL])
The big I in his resume will doom his election.
You believe this nonsense propaganda? I disagree with the CCP on many issues but the level of anti-China slander is ridiculous.
True nobody is going to suggest the empire was all sunshine and roses. However even without British control things are not sunshine and roses for every Jallianwala Bagh their is a Golden Temple as well. That British Empire was by no means unique in its ability to mess up.

[URL]
"You want me to do WHAT? That's impossible!"
" The Obama administration had claimed the events were separate, but  recently acknowledged the cash was used as leverage until the Americans  were allowed to leave Iran. "

That is the definition of quid pro quo and allowed Iran to sponsor more terrorists. Brilliant!
Ouch! I just burned myself from this scalding hot take!
I mean, the rebuilding was possible with massive ongoing loans from the US but in both that instance and in Corbyn's magical fairly land spending OPM is the way to go, so... he's consistent.
It may also be worth pointing out that the victims were Christian and the shooter wasn't just a bigot but also 73 years old and terminally ill, but I'm not terribly familiar with the case.
[URL] ain’t no joke , that hideous swamp creature divided a nation (which is fucking beyond any comprehension) and gave those sheeples with Trump Derangement Syndrome a new platform to do the bidding for evil leaders Soros & hillary Satan ! 

 and if she can survive, albeit damaged, such punitive acts then I am sure Julian can.

Oh yeah, bit of psyops, bit of enhanced interrogation, perhaps a little butt-hummus here and there... interesting times we live in.
I still don't think this is satisfactory. I'd rather honesty so we can invest and grow where needed and feel a bit of pinch now than a booming economy based on lies that are going to fall apart. 
apparently sleepy jeff is willing to throw ross under the bus. fucking cuck.

ross shouldn't be dealing with this bullshit.
I totally agree he’s dumb, ignorant, ugly, etc but he deserves credit for all the hatred and hostility he has exploited and used to further his power and empower his base. He’s a mouthpiece but the “ship” is being run by smarter people.
Why equate being free with having no laws? That's just silly.
I thought Minos died in a bath of scalding water?

Are you thinking of King Canute?

[URL]
Your dismissal of artists, musicians and writers pretty much signposts your own political leanings too. Happy to live in a more culturally rich world than yours. Good luck on the 12th.
He’s as brilliant as he is handsome!
At this point the Venn diagram between "crazy broad" and "woke Twitterati" is a perfect circle
At the time, I scrolled through the thread and didn't see anyone who stated the same point as I was trying to make.  Sorry that my post annoyed you. I hope you can accept sincere apology my lady.
Plus with a felony record, he probably would have a hard time finding a job anywhere except the Congress.
"I'm in poor health. Getting special treatment in Russia."
poor white people or poor black people seem to be the majority of the posts
I don't really post outside of certain vidya subs...
This is a good gag. Nice.
I hate fake, non-functional mine detectors as much as the next guy, but it's important that we listen to both sides.
didn't realize that, but i see it now, quite funny. I sometimes make the joke to my Belgian colleauge  the belgium federal and language system is a big reflection of a lot of problems also residing in the Eu institutions.
Obligatory warning that there might be razor blades behind the posters. 
Do you think it's important to have presidents who don't deliberately make the divide worse? More than anything else, this is the biggest reason I'm opposed to Trump. This cold civil war is bigger than almost any other issue.
A week ago ...

Don't worry yourself, with ancient history, lol
Big Mike to enter the campaign in 3..2..1..
Holmes and Hill are stone-cold straight shooters, absolutely brilliant patriots
 Interstates

Yeah; those are a disaster too. Private companies have incentives to create means for individuals to travel to their businesses. 

Transportation would be a completely different beast if private individuals were allowed to compete for scarce resources.

Read this: [URL](U.S.)
It's better than the child starving or the taxpayers being forced to provide for it.

It's incredibly entitled for poor parents to want to raise their child on the dime of the taxpayers.
Lmao, what do *you* think is satisfactory evidence of what someone believes? Are we not supposed to think anyone believes *anything*, unless they explicitly state that they do?
You’re so off point it’s hilarious. 

Do you know what “property” refers to? And do you understand how the state functions in a socialist system?
I think it's more of a "even a broken clock is right twice a day" situation than any real strategy.
Welfare in the US is more generous than to leave someone destitute 
HELLOOOOOOOO NURSE! 

No, seriously. We need more gorgeous nurses.
Not this boomer. I grew up in the Cold War. I have no use for the fascists or the Russians. I remember bomb shelters everywhere built to protect Americans against Russian nukes. I remember Vietnam war where the Russians were providing our enemy with weapons. Nope not this boomer.
generally those are the only more auth points i have tho. im a firm believer in free markets, second amendment, and decriminalization of drugs (just not legalization for hard ones). tends to land me moderate libright.
The President should uphold the Constitution.  Holy shit that's deep.  Water should be wet.  You don't deserve a paycheck.  The Kool-aid man likes breaking walls.  So many deep truths out there to be discovered.
Exactly what I was thinking. That’s not ugly; that’s terrifying!
mouth ajar. eyes widen. 

wtf? How is this a good move? This is terrible for internal departmental relations. It's further agitating the the FBI against the WH. and 'secret' so its not even suppose to be public information. These dicks are trying to destabilize how our government works
I'm betting Romney is seriously, genuinely delighted that those four Americans were killed so that he could use it as ammunition against Obama. I truly believe that he is happy it happened.
This horrific event led to a drop in US Public Support for US intervention in El Salvador.  CRITICAL mass.  Helping Bernie build the case for his defense of Bolivian fair elections.
What a miserable shriveled \*\*\*\*
Pretty fucking ugly.
That's just infuriating. I mean, I get it, people are busy and what not, so they get their opinions from "trusted sources", but I'm just tired of having these outlets essentially decide who's good and who's not.
All universities place limitations on what students can do, particularly when it comes to using scarce university resources. Universities would absolutely be within their rights to restrict a student club that is misrepresenting itself as a promoter of intellectual debate and thus misusing university resources.
She isn’t a democrat?

Poor deflection and the silence is deafening.
Certainly. But they're not mainstream. Granted, I don't live in America, but I'm pretty sure the churchy shit is siloed even there.
Then why am I not leaving the day before the vote?

I am not volunteering to have my legs broken.

Your hypothetical is entirely ridiculous so it is hard to take any of it seriously.
No, someone was being openly racist. Nothing about it was inaudible to humans.
Swing and a miss on trying to create a memorable line there Hillary.
BTE was just speculating about the reasons he was so heavily discounting his merch and sending free stickers!
Those who are having 30% body fat is going to shame those who have 40%, both in turn are shamed by instagram influencers like it is right now?
I bet anything that those notes are written in normal size, and look huge in his tiny hands
Go back on the Joe Rogan podcast and Light up go dammit. We need a Musky moment
Because my skin is not white. And although I do k ow a dude who we used to call Midnight because he was so black he was almost purple, i don’t know many people who have black skin.
Actually, that valuable resource thing is completely overblown. There's no way in hell the world powers would have left the regime by itself if it were standing on a pile of resources, and even if that was true China would have already depleted it.
This last week has been like Christmas in September. Everyday I wake up to see if I missed any epic liberal screwings of the pooch. This morning was particularly memorable. MAGA
Ahem. It’s gonna be covered in lead particles.

Ahem. Lead is depleted uranium.
The silence is deafening here.  
Ok well cool.
Yes, you did - after I posted that which you replied to here. 

It looks like a well-written piece deserving of an adequate response. Unfortunately I don't have time right now. I have to bathe and head out to vote. I will respond a bit later to your earlier post.
At the time, I thought it had landed on the camera. Do we have multiple angles to confirm?

But if you ever needed further proof that Hillary is unflappable, there it is.
Collins has so many wrinkles from being angry they're even going sideways now.
I love this guy’s dry Steven Wright-like delivery.
The Republicans defending Trump seem near hysterical (I don't mean funny). They speak really fast, their voices are raised. Very unpleasant.
I am not sure that following the republican playbook and going as extreme as possible is what's best for America. You can't fight against it of you're doing it.
You can't eat old Joe's lunch bc he already had the early bird special !!
Pooh bear is a hungry motherfucker who may have found the honeypot.
You don't need a crystal ball to be able to see that the claim that the Munk Debates are somehow a risk of foreign intervention in our democracy is completely idiotic.
Gotta love the "nasty" dogwhistle for hatred of women in un-subordinated positions.
He's really memorable because of this I think.

The thing about Barr is he is the best that would ever get through the vetting process. No man looking to truly clean the government of the felonious would be allowed.
Why? Honestly, what is so tiring to you about this? You watch debates and then spend ten minutes voting. I really don't get why people claim to be exhausted by the process.
Being completely objective I parental control blocked Fox News for my dad and msnbc for my brother.

In retaliation they blocked the history channel so that I couldn’t get high and watch ancient aliens.

We all live in our own houses and this is just a little prank that we do.
but can they do it on a cold rainy night in Stoke?
I dunno, you tell me. The ones I talked to reject the whole [URL]’s a pretty good excuse to not wait in line for two hours.
He seems scared and robotic.
The fake news tells the public that all the real news is fake news.  What a destitute situation we find ourselves in.
I've treated damp in several Victorian houses. In some cases poor construction or bad previous renovation methods and blocking of ventilation caused it. In another instance it was old and insufficient guttering. In a few cases I've used that chemical treatment you put in the walls and its been fine afterwards. 
"... in the last 45 days.... (inaudible) ... ", "... things like this".

That's all he can be heard saying.
Can he yield back for the rest of today? Is that possible?
To be fair, if the weapon is faulty, it *can* accidentally fire.

However this weapon was not faulty. 
the democrats should try to cajole twitter-dumb into testifying by saying how scared he is to do so, and how it proves his guilt, [URL] just keep repeating it ad nauseum.
What a bunch of posers the nooses aren't even tight.  If you're gonna make a statement snug that thing up tight... no risk no reward.
This is exactly my thought.

I'm an Eastern European that was naturalized as a minor, and I'll be damned if I'm gonna stick around until the Citrus Gestapo find a reason to detain me and my spotless record.
These aren’t falsehoods. Sorry to shatter your bubble. 

 
And I will vote for a petrified dog turd over the traitor who currently resides in the WH.
Low key California may be huge for yang, he’s been doing really well there, he just needs more market saturation before that happens
She probably would lose her job if there were a labour government I would imagine. Or at the very least she would be on very thin ice.
Slavery Definition- a person who is excessively dependent upon or controlled by something.

Pretty sure being forced to provide cheap labor for the government to provide food and housing for yourself because you have been pushed out of your job by automation and have no other recourse fits.
Republicans are transparent in their attempts to discredit this hearing, it won't work.
Nah, I'm eco-friendly if my 2-hour commute to work is done in a Prius! I recycle to minimize the impact of my gigantic suburbian McMansion, guys! Look at me, I take showers instead of baths while I water my lawn!
Fashys get quite literally get shunned by other fashys if theyre not in good physical condition but low test skinny numales living in the 70s think they have the capacity of murder them
kind of sickening though

they are dry and stringy
The poor and lazy outnumber heroes by a vast majority
Not anymore.  :(  Just a worthless piece of paper with pretty words on it.
Yes, it happened in Japan for a little while. It was why they had so many people over 100 for a little while. But Japan has a slightly different than we do so it is hopefully less likely to happen over here.
I was reading your comment way too quickly and thought it said to light yourself on fire.
I mean, it is, but once you've given something special to them, taking it away is really, really hard, and would probably have to involve denying them votes, which everyone hates.
Libtards were praying it was a white nationalist
Tell that to the countless starving children in America, dumbass.
I have literally never seen this tweet in my life before. Especially not on this subreddit. Thank you for posting this rare gem that no one has ever seen on this website.
Fuck this dweeb and her little angry furrowed brow.
I think you mean "paper thin securities"
Democrats playing through dark souls
Gets to the fog wall for pinwheel fight
The pin wheel room has been replaced by an open field with white flowers
Sekiro music starts playing
Sword saint ishin says this is maga country
Wtf wardrobe* changes?

She must be cold.
I think everyone on Reddit needs to go there and post the same joke, with an addendum saying "Eat a bag of dicks, HotNatured", or other such insults.

Reddit mods are so drunk with their tiny amount of power.
Is this hot? I assumed this was consensus here. Australia and Canada are both points based and have the best immigration systems in the world.
You will have to explain in simple language as my brain is incapable of translating certain information. I am not really that intelligent and have learning difficulties so it's hard for me to understand what you mean when you talk about paying people to lie or whatever and how that is relevant.
56% of the seats indeed. But only 43.6% of the total votes casted yes. But Labour + Lib Dems have 43.8% of the votes casted yet only got 33% of the seats. How's that possible in any serious democracy? First past the post is a joke.
Beauty is subjective and you’re most likely attracted to white people more-so than other races because you grew up in a white majority area.

Edit: instantly downvoted (of course). It’s weird how emotional people can get when logic is introduced.
[I did it]([URL]) just for you and /u/pJATM. I don't think it's as funny this time, because his Russian was better for the most part. But when he goes on long rants, he is unkind to the Russian language.
 if you care about material equality and you are destitute, 

Then they say you just want a "handout."
Not surprising but sad how many of the people in the crowd are overweight or obese. 
Threats and lies from the lonely cat lady? Gee, that's hilarious.


Keep shilling.
Anne Frankly, I think we exhausted all the puns on this topic a while ago. The only Final Solution I see is to stop these pun threads before they start.
Ugh somebody is going to roast her for wearing "off the shoulder" like they did Harry's new wife. She looks stunning but will nevertheless get shit for it.
Jeeze that building is gorgeous
I am so shocked. How unforeseen. What a truly stunning revelation.
I never liked the guy. One of those brilliant unlikable assholes.

So I think losing in 2016 was a win for him.

Can't wait until President Trump nominates him for the Supreme Court...
Well I don't think the federal government has any greater responsibility to make local public pension whole than they do private pensions.

I imagine that if the federal government required that states and municipalities fully funded their pensions you would hear loud screaming by governments and unions alike!
Wait a minute, think of all that sweet taxpayer money in the hands of the military industrial complex. 
Remember, every cloud has a depleted uranium lining!
Pretty disturbing that these “Democrats” are apparently more threatened by progressives than by Republicans.
This is why we have truancy laws. Next on the docket: Why requiring a high school diploma or GED for many entry-level positions is an oppressive tool of the straight, white, heterosexual patriarchy used against women and minorities.
I know and I'm pulling for you guys! I hope that you send the most deafening message to the left!
Oh it's corporate welfare and I don't like it but the Conservatives aren't annoyed by that more that they're annoyed a tax cut was given at all. 
The first image is actually really well shopped! (apart from the text alignment on "Free Speech Matters" weird they would take the time to make a spotless shop of the logo sitting and drinking coffee and then not use the right perspective of the text on the sign).
And they want to appear to push family values while teaching people how to become so divisive and hateful. It's sick.
Speaking to family and friends up there, it seems people are politically exhausted. 
We should be wary of seeing it as an literal flawless utopia. We can't expect there to be no problems at all, that's literally impossible.
It's rendering the core of the ACA non-functional. You almost never wholly "repeal" entire laws, but this is still functionally repealing it.
Yep. I have spoke to a few, and you would swear they are conservative .. but they are to scared to stray from what their telescreen gods tell them to think.
Kim's not happy with USFK. Should we withdraw? No, he's unhappy with a lot of things.

Probably not the best thing to say right before a summit, but he's not completely talking out of his ass.
Is he asleep? 
It's definitely [a dragon]([URL]). If you look closely, you can see it escaped from the cage (door ajar) in his crown.
You [URL] the GOP DOES  something significant about this, I am beginning to get weary of all the squawking. It's all messaging wars and I, and likely others, are getting tired of all the talk.
If you author an Effort Post you can get a unique flair.
I'd personally be extremely wary of attempting it, since I can see that easily failing an audit.
keep telling yourself that bro.  keep doubling down on the stunning and corrupt idiot you voted for because you can't face the reality of admitting how stupid you were.
Don’t let him off that easy, we need to keep him in the race for as long as possible to save the children from being smelled and groped. He’s trying sooooooo hard to get out so he can go back to being a full time pedo. Times up corn pop.
There is a bit when the Berkut (presumably) are inaudible, but I agree that VICE shouldn't have included something like that in the subtitles, even if they really said it.
The case against Trump is both wafer thin and too much for the Republicans to go through apparently.
Wait, where did you get the idea that rich kids don’t go to Berkeley/Madison/Michigan/UCLA? It’s maybe rare for rich kids to go to UC Merced or UW Eau Claire, but there are still more rich kids than poor kids at plenty of state schools.
The trump administration soaked them in gas and tossed them a lighter then called them a pussy. 
Human dragon sounds so cool
Bent over in front of Putin.
Didn't Trump say drain the swamp? That seems to be the message you're perpetuating. I totally agree too, the current Democrat party line up does seem pretty facist.
"What? The land of the free?

Whoever told you that is your enemy."

-- Zach De La Rocha
Go, Trump! It's always so politically biased and one-sided with these lamestream idiots... The cognitive dissonance is deafening!
They call that a "rabbit"!


I used to do that when I ran cross country. I'm tall, skinny and muscular but I can't do endurance for shit. I was a sprinter / mid distance, lol.
What are you referring to with the special MoE for Bernie?
Where's the picture of a guy bent over with Donald Trump fucking him up the ass with a Russian flag while he sucks off Putin all of which is taking place on top of a blood, shit and cum soaked American flag? Cause that's more like it. 
Which is insane, as white people are *literally* the smallest demographic world-wide. If you are white, you are the global minority.
Time to warm up the reporting tools, No more commercial for female targeted products. Pink razors? NO. Bras? NO. Hygiene products? Oh hell NO!  
Give them what they want. Be ridiculous.
Were you promised some? At the top, does it make claims to be funny? Not everything is meant to be full of jokes.
This is the good [URL] light of that NYT article  where it was suggested bernie and warren might  join forces before the convention and grab the nomination, its extremely important Biden gets more delegates than bernie and bernie-light combined.
Not surprising you haven't heard of her, considering she literally never shows her face (even though thats basically her job...)

Her name is Stephanie Grisham, she replaced Sarah Sanders as the White House ~~Resident Liar~~ Press Secretary early this year.
No, I want to see this treasonous Saudi-Prince-fucker disappointed and dejected for the rest of his miserable life behind bars. 
*can sue poor people from growing Lay’s genetically modified potatoes for a better chip taste* fixed the tweet for you
There’s nothing fun in the Real™ America® 

Just kidding, Upstate NY is Gorgeous AF in the summer. 
Raskin has got a slam dunk on everything relevant of this entire situation. What a perfect history lesson

Amazing what can be said when you don't have the ridiculous theatrics of a normal political hearing
ESPN has its own problems with "hot takes" similar to Fox News bullshit. They fill an enormous amount of otherwise dead air with artificial Twitter byproducts, including the brain-dead shouting. The only good news is that they have a lot more representation by POC. 
This is the classic light socialist crap where your critique is on point but your solutions are absolute shit.
There's a general rule of thumb that if you're constantly soaked in controversy and drama then you're the one causing it

Every oppressed minority group is to blame for their own suffering, then?
Whenever I end up engaged in a reddit conversation with a person like this, I ask the same question... and so far it's been a similar answer to the one you got (except once when it was a hard NO, I will stay home).
Lol no, your intentions are crystal clear
I wonder if they include his claim to be the most presidential president who ever presidented? (Bar Lincoln who was [inaudible]).
Yeah, Trump has damaged our reputation and I think it might take a generation or two to regain it.
Get fucked you fascist ignorant traitorous piece of shit.

Also, big obligatory Fuck You to Republicans who thought it would be a good idea to elect a dumbfuck conspiracy theorist who has no fucking clue about or respect for Constitutional principles.  Y'all failed America bigly. 
Awwww somebody's teleprompter must have been freezing.
He was talking about black people.
Adrenochrome depleted lol nice
Kirk: "Khan . . . \[mockingly\]. . . I'm laughing at the "superior intellect." \[voice dissolves into an inaudible chuckle\]"
Where was this?  I could have showed up and been the obligatory old guy.
How about holding an actual press conference, drunk lady?
I need a a scalding shower, a cry and a trauma counselor after that visual imagery.
I mean if you're going to wear skinny jeans why not make them really POP?
ayy bby you want some damaged, emotionally fragile lovin'?
He probably doesn't have the motor skills required to write smaller and needs the big fat sharpie so he can hold onto it properly.
He earned $6.8 million last year and is in a nasty divorce battle with millions on the line.

[URL]
Free speech has nothing to do with private platforms and the specific subreddit has a ban on hate speech such as the hate speech that appears in this article.
There is a pretty wide gap between being a low to middle income family (i.e someone likely to go to and graduate college) and being destitute and unable to feed your children.
Whatever it's cool
Well I know it's rare on Reddit but you provided source and I was lacking the full story on the financials so I am admiting I was wrong on the finances thanks for making me aware of these details
You are so funny, I hope that was a joke and if not, then its very sad.
Honestly idk, I just want some combination of a Roomba and automatic floor mopper that keeps my apartment clean
It's a sloppy issue.  But rather than trying to right ancient wrongs, which will solve nothing, and are likely unsolvable due to religious stupidity.  Let's work with how they are today, and discard the past.
I identify as a 16 year old girl, fuck off child molester.
Tulsi wants to keep her options open in case she wants to work for the right wing again.
Age is the great divide now in the culture war.

Class is old hat.
Nothing about the gop supports democracy.  Where are these guys when voter suppression, Russian interference or gerrymandering raises their ugly heads?

As always, it’s *mean* when it happens to a republican, though.
Back then we were all arguing Bernie was more electable than Hillary. It was a very nasty cult she had, I thought she should not control any hiveminds.
Human race extinct within one generation if we all followed this advice.
The problem with this line ofbthinking.. is that the cheapest places to live in most cities.. and the cheap to buold 3 storey walk ups that were all buot in the 60s and 70s. 

Chwap housing is ok... yes it has maint costs.. but its still not bad compared to a single detached.
No, it from God because we is special.
I'll take OP's word for it because I'm not watching 1 second of Trump on my perfect Saturday morning much less 3 min.
As an ethnic Kekistani, I am tired of all this discrimination and oppression.
Yeah thats true  but im pretty sure YouTube wouldnt put a similar notice on something sponsored by the American government
Before religion was hated man was fortunate to know someone with this wisdom that Jordan shares and his life was guided and better for it. Thank god for prophets like Jordan for mr Peterson has become a conduit of this ancient spiritual wisdom that many lack and are hungry for
I believe so, yes

We now have a president* that has publicly made more than 10,000 documented lies, dissemblances and misleading statements *on top of* everything else you've listed.

I believe this is *by far* the most mendacious and least transparent administration in US history
A loud mouth voter who asked him a simple question about his policy. Then the politician went into a ad hominem tirade while avoiding the question. Yup. Good plan.
Question: In their admittedly impossible scenario where everyone above a certain pay grade leaves the country, what would that really do for the economy here? I mean, if every Walmart closed down, and Amazon refused to sell here, wouldn't they just get replaced and life would go on?
I'm rather annoyed that there isn't really a good "science" civic that goes with the communist civic. I can't get my anarchotranshumanist utopia :(
Libertarians go to ridiculous lengths to intellectually justify practices that go against all natural human instinct and nature.
I've read through the full document and have provided direct quotes for you that refute your claim and there are plenty of others.

You're attempting to spin and downplay this as having a much more limited scope than it actually does. It's entirely transparent.

It's not going to work.
Sitting  at a coffee shop studying, Hearing a bunch of old people talking about their idiotic kids not vaccinating their grandkids. 

Boomers millennials here
Literally the exact same thing with universal 

There is no good option.
Christmas is legitimately fun because I get to see family members I haven't in a while.


I also get free shit so wOOOOO
Agreed. One of the best things I found recently was under that brand - a fantastic beer based BBQ sauce. That shit is damn tasty.
Be shot out of your mother's vagina

Start an ugly sweater's company with the money from your billionaire dad

Get all of your money taken and given to people in need so that society doesn't collapse



Man that's so unjust
Would it be unkind to point out they've spelt bureaucracy wrong?
IF I CAN BUILD IT I SHOULD BE ALLOWED NUCLEAR WEAPONS
My super liberal cousins always have a red Christmas tree. It is gorgeous. I also love them and they love me. We are much stronger than politics
When you're breaking your last loaf of brioche in a damp bunker on the Maginot line and hear the clank-clank-clank of incoming Panzers, you can start yelling Nazis. Until then, you're just a retarded leftist. 


The claims are one and the same. Satiety is defined as the opposite of hunger. Saying that someone will always eat when hungry (for some value of hunger) is logically identical to saying that someone will eat until satiated (for some value of satiety).
honestly I'd rather 75% of Americans become homeless than global warming because if things get worse it won't even matter if you have a job we'll be fighting over water and scarce food
Trump is the only one that will say it out loud first. The other pussies will pile on after he gets it started. Gutless worms. All of them.
I'm disappointed that no Brexit Party voters want to Remain. I was expecting at least a tiny fraction.
That’s dumb yet hilarious
the "do what thou wilt" faggots have really taken over the place. shame. obligatory - you don't know how bad things really are
It's truly hideous. Looks like some of those 3d models without normal maps. Unprofessional!
Absolutely. But you can see why they're happy to go ahead with it at the time - it creates growth in their economies and infrastructure. But it's essentially desperate countries grabbing any lifeline given to them, with no thought of the consequences.
Tl:DR what's the skinny?
the modern female myth:  telling themselves they don't want kids while they obsess over very young, chubby animals
How do you feel about Texas being turned into a battleground state through mass immigration? Immigrants primarily vote Democrat and as a big border state, Texas has received a gigantic number of immigrants. White are even a minority in the state now.
The middle aged white women clapping back at me using black slang beg to differ!!
These people have cultural blinders on. I can’t wait for them to go extinct. 
I’m not sure if this guy is a troll or not but, in general, we should be VERY wary of trials held in secret. Publicly  announcing names and facts is paramount to preventing that and the abuses that invariably follow. 
Nice! Hope it’s waterproof because the liberal tears are going to get those papers wet!
so tired of seeing his exceptionally thin head on TV

go away, useless fuck
Evangelicals hold Trump, the Antichrist, with a twisted religious belief that he will usher in the second coming.
Or the same thing that always happens will happens when the working class is treated like dirty lazy scum and the world will devolve into revolution or authoritarianism
Does that include not being attracted to or find attractive? What about jokes?
Are you broken? Just repeating the line is actually not an argument.
Little Jane would be a possible translation. Ivan is John in English, Ivana doesn't have a direct English translation so you could use Jane, Jean, Joanne, Joanna, etc...
Most of their taxable wealth is likely outside of the UK too. Jim Radcliffe is out in Monaco for instance.
Not a bad idea, more people get to know about Yang, and we get to focus on keeping our environment clean.
[/new](/r/neoliberal/new): [Chinese diplomat clashes with BBC over definition of freedom. Ambassador to UK claims everyone in China is free, happy, and there are no political prisoners in the country](/r/neoliberal/comments/e4e232/chinese_diplomat_clashes_with_bbc_over_definition/)

*Replies to this comment will be removed, please participate in the linked thread*
Under that scenario, Wales alone could give the Tories a majority, even if they didn't gain anywhere else. Ugly.
I am not a fan of Ron Paul, but even I thought this article was meanspirited "Ha, look at the gold bug becoming destitute. We are so smart, lets go backslap each other!"
No she’s just supposed to be chubby and pretend like she’s hot
White shirts and ties, the new bowling trend? 
🙌🏼👔🎳
Damp Fart 2020
It meant I agree with you, but as an atheist saying Amen was a bit funny.
For extra fun, read the original short story version (*Arena* by Fredric Brown) - it is stunningly good. I remember the first night I read it - unforgettable. *Star Trek* had to forego many of its finer points in order to fit it into a standard teleplay.
The exact events are disputed. She claims the door was ajar and swung open when she pushed it. A witness claims to have heard her shouting to be let in.
I think she'd already be gone if she could take Baron with her, but of course, Trump would have a tight hold on him to keep her around.
r/gaming calling assassins creed unity an important historical monument now that Notre Dame is damaged is the funniest karma whoring I've seen this year
 I know I'll be hated for this, RIP this alt 

You'll forever live on in my heart. This is a good comment, thank you for saying something. Men pull this kinda crap everywhere I go, it would be nice to not have to think about it.
Fucking good.  Its ridiculous how spiteful people can be to the some of the most destitute people.  Its fucking statistically proven to save money and lives.  End of story.
Yeah her aggressive double-down on vaping while openly showing how much she is clueless on the subject was really unsettling.

I like progressives because they do their research before speaking. The part about fighting aggressively for things should come from a place of knowledge. Not just empty bluster. That's what Republicans do.
They won’t let any retalitory attack slide and the US forces in the region will be substantianlly damaged too even if Iran gets obliterated. US can’t protect itself from cruise missiles and drones easilly. 
But KSA would get fucked up completely in the case of such retaliatory attack.
while i'm delighted to hear this, i'm not really sure this should be broadcast in public.  isn't it inviting North Korea to test things even further?  can't mr. commander keep his mouth a little bit shut please...
History is the evidence. Did you see when he "bent the knee" to Paul supporters after trashing them for years? Lotta good it did them
As any reasonable person *should*.

Denuclearization of the single most trigger-happy regime in the world is a gigantic leap toward regional/global security.

China knows this, Japan knows this, South Korea knows this. Everyone knows this... everyone but liberals. Sad!
Even Hillary supporters can't read her books without falling asleep.
Obligatory OP is a commie troll.
Its super difficult to fire stuff into the sun, just send him out of the solar system, good riddance
That just sounds like you want to make everyone miserable in the service of a completely arid ideal of 'equality' that noone even really wants to pursue. 

This kind of equality will not make men happier or healthier and it won't empower us either.
This is brilliant you can pinpoint the exact second he gives up and just starts saying random politics words..."but, but er  QUANGOS"
You can want that, but that is separate from you wanting to disenfranchise actual citizens.

I think that enfranchising non citizens defeats the purpose of citizenship, but that is a different discussion to be had. I’m more interested as to why you want to disenfranchise a large part of 5.5 million brits.
 [inaudible] asked me to give out about a half a dozen cheques...

Anyone able to make that out?  *Who* asked him to give out cheques?
A president has powers in his mandate.  He can go to war, create policy that changes the world, or send men to the moon.  

Trump chooses petty, nasty fights and self dealing.
Did they also forget to opt out of an email Buttigieg sent them 12 hours ago?

This will always be funny.
If someone feeds me a meal and it’s 50% mold, 40% haggis and 10% delicious pasta all mixed together, i’m not gonna compliment the fuckin pasta
Knowing how Chinese define things, the +size model is probably considered slim in the west. Fan Bing Bing of all people jokes about herself as "slightly chubby". 



remember, many states are implementing the Real ID (R) requirement to vote. This ID is still NOT the default one you would get at the DMV if you renew your licence any time before October 2020, and requires special application, interview, and will take up to 30 days to arrive.
I heard both those ads as well. I appreciate clean drinking water for the indigenous people, that seems like the absolute minimum that needs to be done.

I also heard the attack ad against May, but I didn't catch who paid for it?
Charter schools are the darling of the right...I'm quite certain they did, with our tax dollars.
I prefer Red Delicious over anything else.
Millions of Americans are voting for Trump.  That should be a satisfactory answer to your comment on stupidity.
He said “subscribe to pewdiepie” just because he knew people like you would latch on to that shit and milk it dry for ages
Ben Cline speaking beats any ambient music when trying to fall asleep.
Pretty dumb most of the time, tbh.  Any other questions I can help you with today?
Sharing a 16 year old together makes you buddies for life.

Pedo president
Their profits are going up, and jobs are so scarce that they can hold all the control when it comes to having workers do whatever they want.  Of course they don't mind it; there's still more blood to squeeze out from the stone.
If some nation destroys one of your tanks, you dont carpet bomb their whole nation.

Yeah, only after Japan threw 2 atom bombs on America did they do the same. Don't be so naive. There are no rules in war that can't be broken if it means victory.
Glad to hear this. He needs to pursue both non - traditional and non traditional approaches.  . I am also unhappy he is pursuing traditional media as well. Has edge in organizing in other states will pay off if he’s as organized in the early states.
people who think like that still are not extinct
Good stuff
He is unforgettable for nothing good at all. 
Bernie did worse lol someone is scared
She's not super thicc, but she's still more thicc than just skinny. Also I refuse to enter into the hive mind of what constitutes true thiccness lol, way too contested
8mm was a killer flick but why "fuck this thread"? It's getting the truth out to voters in a stunning, unforgettable visual way. Images of Creepy Joe will haunt the voting booths of America until he finally exhales his last.
I think some boomers are still annoyed with Gen X.
Hell yes! One of the best movies ever, brilliant car chase scenes, great script, funny as hell and awesome blues soundtrack too. And they wrecked 103 cars making it (mostly old ex Chicago cop cars bought at government surplus auctions)

[URL]
Both the billionaire candidates get more media attention than they should according to their poll numbers. I'm sure it has nothing to do with them pouring millions of dollars of ad revenues to the networks...
Honestly a hardcore recession would benefit me SUPER well financially. I'm in a high income field that is largely recession proof. I'll stack chips while people get booted out of their homes. I'll gobble up all the delicious property and profit as a real estate mogul just like the other rich fucks.
Using retard to describe Trump is unkind to actual retards. Call it as you see it, fucking incompetent, inept, and only where he is because others more nefarious see him as a useful tool to push their own agendas. 
We're purple enough that it wouldn't take much. It doesn't help that our governor has gone full retard on gun control now that he doesn't have to worry about getting reelected. He was pretty quiet about it last term.
Even though it wasn't Communist, the Anarcho-Syndicalist revolutions in free Ukraine, Catalonia  and Chiapas today all allow/allowed the citizenry to own guns.
I just want to point out that one of the sponsored ads following the article for me was: “Honey Boo Boo Is So Skinny Now And Looks Gorgeous.”

Altogether, this article attained peak Murica for me. God bless.
Yeah that's a hell of a statement. 49 years?! He's still not making a living after 49 years of labor? That's such an egregious failure of the system it isn't even funny. It's depressing is what it is, and I kinda want to puke seeing those numbers.
Actually you can’t make anybody happy. Happiness is a feeling that a person allows or denies themselves. 

Happy people typically look for things to be happy about. 

Miserable people typically look for things to be miserable about. 

Change my mind. 
See unsolvable problem.  I can argue that irresponsible people that birth children do not "deserve" to raise those children, but at the same time, it seems like we can't really do anything about it.
The entirety of Russia's interfearence was less than either candidate spent in 72 hours. Pretending that they effected the outcome of the election is ridiculous.
It's my job to defend against Spam. Posting the exact same comment dozens of times isn't helping. You're hurting your cause.

I know you can add a few extra phrases or sentences relevant to each post to make it unique. You need to do that please.
They're also petrified of him winning. But congratulations you've completely raped this conversation and we're no longer in the same universe from which we started. You're a prime example of why it is simply impossible to have a productive conversation about politics.
Tillerson has been smart enough to properly divest himself of Exxon stuff.

Of course he hasn't really, and will come back, but he has bothered to do the paperwork before taking the new job. He's cleanish
I'm sure knowing that will be a great comfort to freezing Ukrainians come this winter.
Trump is a [URL] soaked up all the GOP talking points and lies and weaponized it.  Trump is 100% pure uncut weapons grade GOP.
Just  FYI as well,The govt MYefo is currently being put together for release this month as well.

So will should find out how close to the mark we are on achieving a surplus,likely still to be achived,but with increased drought packages and lower tax receipts it might be lower than expected
I remember when we thought something like that would be completely impossible.  Being platformed from the whole internet.  Not good.  It's proof that - no matter what - the internet itself is a broken concept.  Entirely.
I'll just say that the "we give a fuck about your self-victimizing" well has run dry
Honestly I found it to be mostly a waste of time lol

The only memorable bit was when Zizek challenged him to name some postmodern Marxists and Peterson couldn't come up with a single name.
There's a bright side to this, my friends. Finding the website on their phones to give you a sick burn is the perfect time to make your escape from the conversation.
I am sure the Mogadishu subways are spotless.
2012 definitely. Bill Clinton's speech and Clint Eastwood's chair had significant impact and were memorable. 
Lol. It really says a lot about you people that you only care about the human body because it's property. Shows just how twisted your logic is. What's next, rape is only wrong because it's use of a person's property without permission?

Christ.
You should see the look on a rich person's face, who generally follows christianity, when you tell that parable.  Try to find one and do it.  It's fucking hilarious.
me commenting so you can downvote is like giving a bum a dollar, it makes me feel warm inside
 Yes, I would assume that many positions are similar in companies of a certain size.

You're mistaken!
The 15 year old was just as qualified as Hunter Biden.
He saved us from depleted uranium or a dirty bomb coming into Charleston. 
If AHCA passes, how long before the terminally ill uninsured start choosing to take their last breaths at Mitch McConnell's office?
A mother who admitted burgling the house of a petrified elderly man was spared prison by a judge who told her that **she would have gone to jail if she had been a man**

Equality before the law? I guess not
 play on words to make the message more memorable.

This, is what it is. It's not a pun intending humour at all.

It was also the running joke on this sub

That's because we're not actually protesting anything.
Ah, I didn't have to wait too long for the obligatory Trump supporter strawman that's on every post.
holy shit! 149 instances of CORNEY.. Zero instaces of COMEY

&#x200B;

LOL. This is so beyond corrupt, it's downright.. funny?
Thanks, I looked it up:

* [URL]


If you like being Mormon it is probably a great way to live. It sounds pretty hideous if you try and leave the faith or have divergent beliefs though.
Sounds like a buncha liberal crying to me. You stay scared all you want, as the media wants you to be. Make sure to lock the doors and check the lock twice. Ill be living in happiness and no fear.
ok.  i read an entirely different [URL] was a male comedian involved that took a "swipe" at weinstein (re: a movie) to try to calm things down, and he got lambasted the next day for ignoring the first woman who spoke.
Yeah, I'd be surprised to ever see anyone but a lawyer, judge, or law professor ascend to the Court, but as far as I understood it isn't impossible.
Scalding take for some reason: I fail to see how “terminator seeds” are at all a bad thing, especially considering people are concerned about genetic contamination of wild plants
My body hurts, like physically hurts as I didn't know I would be so exhausted from winning. But hey- we were fairly warned! 
Really good information, thank you.

With a setup like this, could the library accept a donated subscription?  Or do these people have to sign off on any content even if not “taxpayer funded?”
wait, wait

Don't end the thread until facebook goes dark.
After slavery ended, *all* former slaves should have been repatriated to Africa.

Blacks don't assimilate into greater society as other groups do and as a group create enormous lingering problems for society.
Because all of his polling is based on warm and fuzzy feelings from the last president we had who wasn't a complete asshole.

That will evaporate pretty quick when he doesn't have Obama's charisma to lean on.
You''re right. Russia doesn't have free, open elections. And doesn't have unbiased media.  
USA doesn't have unbiased media in general. The next stop for USA is to lose open elections.
I lot of people don't understand how they work along with an HSA. 

But an added benefit would be doctors and hospitals forced to produce a menu of prices for their services so people could chose.   That would make the HSA/HDP more palatable to the consumer and easier to use.
The difference between conservatives and democrats are so small they practically are the exact same
I see more prophylactic complaining about Bernie than anything else in those posts to be quite honest with you. If I had even more time on my hands than I do already I’d crunch the damn numbers because it’s so goddamn hilarious to me
Common Sense is a stupid thing. It can be bent to whatever side of the argument you want it for. That's why it's always been such a terrible decision making tool.
It is quite gorgeous isn't it fam?
Start stockpiling thin sheet metal, rivets, and bench grinders!!
A scalding vituperation of this tiny, sad man.
That's a good possibility, I'll give you that.  But he's still hideous.
Their so stupid. He brought up Obama. When their feeble brains can't come up with an adequate response they turn to whataboutism. "Butter emails." "But Obama". 
They weren't joking when they said they want whites extinct. 
 "... allowed to own one ..."

Amazing how almost everyone works on the tacit assumption that it's a matter of "being allowed". It's not. 

The government is not granted the power to prohibit *anything* by the Constitution, but is furthermore *specifically prohibited* from encumbering the ownership of firearms.
It. Never. Gets. Old.
Unforgettable, really.
I hear their skins make gorgeous lampshades.
When we praise MLK, we're not praising plagiarism (the only inherently bad thing you listed there). MLK is known primarily for his Civil Rights work, while Lee is known primarily for waging war against his own country to maintain slavery.
He definitely did, Trump loves taking about the real estate potential there.  He's so transparent.

Kim probably promised Trump org exclusive development rights for the whole country, since he believes correctly Trump is both dumb and greedy enough to believe it.
The whole point of buying a boat is to get the ladies tipsy topside to a nice comfortable space below the deck where they can't refuse.
“Tweet is unavailable”. The left is hiding their own violence that’s how fascist they have become. Scary stuff.
I'm almost more annoyed by the 2nd Twitter account watermarked on it.
You're literally claiming that ever citizen of a country can be claimed to have ties with their government. Silly.
In the term "illegal immigrant," it's being used as an adjective. Just like someone who's had a few drinks at the bar is a "tipsy patron." The person himself is not "a tipsy," it just describes the type of patron he is. 
please no no (inaudible crying)
Did you just have a stroke while typing?  I’ll never figure out why you racist boys are so scared to admit you are racist. You’re suppose to proud and out boy.
They are literally NPCs lol.  They are literally forced to follow their script, and it's hilarious.
There is no limit to how low a group  of people can go when a group they hate themselves so much that they need to steal another groups identity
Seriously, read the full page.

It is completely heartless to presume your life of privilege is relevant to someone else’s existence. You have complete lack of empathy for the kids currently starving and dying.
Which would require people destitute enough to do that job.
It now sickens me to rewatch. She knew exactly what she was talking about. She was a professional woman. Would have made an adequate to above average president... And I don't really agree with her on much of anything. 
No, but not all of the Blair governments policies were centre left. I'm sure the Tories were delighted when he brought in PFI's so they didn't have to.
So no one ends up liking you? Brilliant plan.
Committing horrific political acts and pretending like they’re not.

It would help if you had actual horrible acts to talk about instead of outright lies.
I read that in 150 years, not one Trump has ever served. I haven't fact checked that, but if true, that's stunning. 

My family isn't even a "military family", yet both my grandfathers and 2 uncles have served, all in wars.
Can't wait to see Mayor Pete and Chasten holding hands and kissing on stage at the Dem Convention. With all of the balloons and confetti falling from the sky it should be a memorable moment. I am so sure it will resonate with middle America.
 Hurd is also looking to run for President in 2024

That's funny. And I thought he was one of the more intelligent Republicans.
"intellectual property" is fundamentally different from classical property because information is not exclusive and is not practically scarce.
She's also doesn't seem like the unflappable ice queen that Hillary could be. That's gonna end badly in the debates when Trump goes Don Rickles to her face. Of course, she could still break it out but I'm not optimistic.
He got canceled because he's just not that good, and because he refused to be a backup QB.

Whined so much the NFL bent over backwards to give him a second chance, and then he doesn't even show up. Literally a no-show at an event created specifically for him.
AFAIK the aren't any studies that disprove that either, i'm going purely off anecdotal evidence and common sense. Im sure there's diminishing returns at some point but I don't think harleys pass that threshold

There's a reason emergency vehicles have loud sirens ya know
Why are his eyes open? Liberals would never keep their eyes open when facts are lurking about.
Someone give Rand a nice tight hug around his ribs.  Probably no human would want to but how about a Boa?
Isnt it hilarious how much faith they put into people making rational economic choices? Like they think people literally move to America to exploit welfare services and be essentially destitute in US.
A stunning rebuttal.  You should, like, go into Law or something, bro.  
 they left them with doors ajar in the ghetto with signs that said "Free Car."

and they all had Licence plates on them that read "Hillary for president" and "Important DNC files, do not touch!"
Pro-gun explanation: even the smallest misdemeanor domestic violence conviction results in a lifetime weapons ban (unless it doesn’t involve your intimate partner). This isn’t a loophole because small misdemeanors shouldn’t result in lifetime rights restrictions in the first place.
I see she was starving, scoring scarce calories on the Black Market.
F.Y.I.: The best way to prevent rainy days is to scare the clouds away by shooting arrows at them. Be sure to aim straight up!
It was incredibly disrespectful. It's not the first time I've seen her be like that with an interviewer (nor the first time with a Black woman interviewer). It is unsettling to me.
Obama’s silence on the current state of affairs is deafening. It’s probably the result of his morality and respect for the office keeping him from disparaging his successor, but is sure feels like he’s abandoned us.
I’m sick of all of the miss leading headlines out there. He isn’t being removed from office until another hearing in January. And he still may not be fully impeached. So.....
That low guttural voice that sounds like a near regurgitation scares me.
"Northern Irish election law allows political donations to be kept secret."



"Party spent bulk of money on advert in newspaper unavailable in Northern Ireland"



So someone used the the Northern Ireland loophole to anonymously fund the Brexit campaign in London and the DUP were happy to take the money.
Yes, because voting for trump after seeing how he campaigned and was caught in lies made you feel warm and fuzzy?
us tonight when the fash mods are asleep [URL]
It's the duty of the government to ensure adequate education to the population. Guess what. Our educational system is pretty shitty in certain areas.
Obligatory "I read that in that in Ron Howard's voice" comment
His closing statement in the November debate was close to perfect in my opinion, yet apparently MSM and pollsters weren't impressed. 

Not unreasonable to try different approaches to see what lands.
Anyone else sing that in the cheesy (but unforgettable) commercial jingle?  It fits well.
This report lays out just how fucked up the FISA process was for Carter Page. They say that they *have no evidence* to suggest bias or corruption within the FBI.  This leaves the door open to Durham, who has actual power, to find evidence that the FBI did act with malice.
So the house is burning and somebody sounds an alarm because the fridge door is ajar?
What is the difference between centrists and moderates?  I've asked that a lot on this sub but haven't gotten a straight answer.

And to be fair, elightenedcentrism was once mildly funny but is now a shitshow of idiotic rants about nothing.
Gotta admit... if it IS agents of BERN it's a pretty good chess move.  My more sinister side respects the play.
Why would the our low taxes cause a reduction in eu imports ? Where would we source the exports from if the eu export did go down? by your argument are you saying we should be putting a tariff on now as the we now import more from eu ? Not arguing just curious of view point
THIS THAT SHIT I JOINED THE SUB. LOCK THAT DIRTY SNATCH UP NOW! ALONG WITH MAIN STREAM PEDOABLERS
The empire doesn’t want to risk losing their grip on so many South American governments at once, this is bound to get ugly.
Yeah, and when supporting terrorist murderers from a small country killing one of their two nuclear armed allie's citizens, I'm sure the money will start pouring in. Like I said, republican wet dreams, and nothing more.
Trickle down is corporate welfare like national socialism a merger of state and business. real capitalism involves an open market.
Ah yes... I had a feeling I'd missed something.

Very memorable indeed.
wait didnt we agree to build a part of a wall in order to re open the government
The phrase "new world order" doesn't really have the scary connotation given to it by many; after all it was originally used simply to describe changes in the balance of power. However, Ol' Joe saying it is wee bit unsettling to say the least.
News about trump should never have gone outside of /r/TheApprentice/ but then the lunatic part of the electorate made some silly choices and here we are.
Republicans are still trying to convince them it's because Democrats lost the election.  That's hilarious!  They see no wrong doing, as a professional courtesy of course.  Both Congress and the Senate need term limits now!  This job for life, and not doing shit for it should come to an end.
The Trump Russia collusion investigation started because of the conversation I posted above between Papadopoulos and Downer  What is made up about that exactly? Be specific. Not holding my breath for an intelligent response.
Between Laura Cooper and Fiona Hill ^^*edit* and Marie Yovanovitch - the women are really crushing these hearings. Speaking with eloquence, precision, and unflappable professionalism. I stan 

(Edit: omg i am braindead and completely blanked on including Yovanovitch- my bad, she absolutely deserves to be in this list!)
They don't give a shit about Biden thats the dirty little secrete they want Warren to win and are more than happy throw Biden under the bus.
We prefer the term "peepee soaked heck hole"
I agree it's a worthy fight. I'm just not convinced it's possible, and allowing the perfect to be the enemy of the good is a formula for more of the horror show we already have.
4500 complaints about misconduct and abuse last year to the NY Citizens Complaint Review Board says that you're underestimating the amount of bad faith the NYPD can generate

[URL]
As someone that's lived in Australia you guys get bent over backwards on pretty much everything, electronics, alcohol, tobacco, home made goods and even foreign imported.
Give people a mask and they show their true face. All the anonymous political echo chambers are quite unsettling.
And then they cause more terrorists because of young people in the countries they attack being angry at the US
  it shouldn't have sensible regulation

What's "sensible" though? It's my contention that the existing rules are adequate. We're failing to uphold the existing regulations; that should be fixed.
I suspect he's bent the knee before. 😘
 Unfortunately, our site is unavailable to European Union visitors while we work with our partners to ensure your data is protected.

That is *one* way of complying with the GDPR, I suppose...
It causes schizophrenia to appear earlier than normal, if you already have a high chance of it occurring in your family, but it’s still a very rare occurrence, so kinda a weak argument.
haha. Excellent point!! They thrive on unsolvable problems, not ACTUAL progress.
I love this guy's content. His videos are super helpful. Double like for tying it to Yang :)
72 years old and obese with all this stress and pressure can't be good. My money is on him having a massive coronary event sometime soon. 
Gender neutral restrooms with adequate privacy in all public locations are the dream! But we must make decisions with what we have, and in the vast majority of scenarios, the most sensible decision is to use the restroom that corresponds with one's gender, not one's genitals.
Some spicy hot takes in the main sub coming from people who only know about Molotov-Ribbentrop because they play Hearts of Iron.
A stupid idea held by one person is forgettable.. Held by millions, its unforgettable.

Edit:  
*Unless you write the textbooks, then its* ***their*** *fault.*
Common sense would be a nice change. The Green Party isn't large in NY yet, but I can see it growing based on how unhappy people are with the same old business. The economy is picking up in WNY and people are honestly promoting and building environmentally friendly projects. 
Also ladders, lifts, human pyramids, pole vaulters, shovels, saws, catapults, cannons, gloves with good grip, Huns, large climeable rocks, and plenty of other things.
A place in vegas called skinny fats has them. They aren’t terrible. You can drink a large drink with one straw. After that it gets kinda soggy. But it doesn’t fall apart
Fuck yeah. Now these are the hot takes I like to see
I fking know it’s kind of funny but very sad, oh well lucky most of the members arnt voting age or at least don’t act like it
The Democrats did their job the GOP won't, so the shame is on the GOP members in the House and Senate. 

Also tons of shame left for the idiot racists and greedy heretic fucks who voted for the gigantic POS.
Basically saying if you're not white, you want a free ride.

It is crystal clear.  Looks like Billy wants to go back 20 years.  Sorry.  There is a new dawn in America.  The Grand Old Party 'aint so grand anymore.
He is a light years better speaker than Booker and he makes less gaffes, for example he would never pulls stunt like Booker's "Spanish" in the debate.
So my day to day decisions being held separate from democratic decision-making is undemocratic?  Or can we agree that we don't need such tight controls of private behavior to be considered democratic?

The separation of economic and political power prevents power from being concentrated to heavily in anyone's hands.
Why does she look so fucking angry all the time?
He's not just unflappable, he's FLAPPIN, DOUBLE SLAPPIN, NO NAPPIN, SCRAPPIN, AND unflappable. 
For one, ECJ isn't doing this *right now*. I mean you can't really trust any political entity long-term, but promising one thing while you're off doing another to a slightly different minority is unsettling at best.
He has seriously damaged the court with his behavior. 

Since everyone is so corrupt now, I think we should consider what Amendments we can make the constitution to severely punish this kind of shit.
I see. So if I'm understanding this right, your numbers are pretty much correct, barring some emergency which requires dipping into and then replenishing the "Rainy Day Fund?"
Going to ASU and UofA is perfect. Get these college kids to vote. They could have an enormous impact. 
Bloomberg is definitely saturating the airwaves and other forms of political advertising with absurd amounts of spending, making it difficult for Yang’s ads to have as big of an impact. We really need a law that forbids people from funding personal campaigns like Bloomberg is doing.
That's fucking ridiculous, I can't believe you would say that.




They would be supporting him well into the 40s.
Mueller and his team of crooks realized they exhausted all of their crooked options to try and get Trump, so they turned to raiding his lawyer thinking they must be able to find something,  anything they could twist into a crime or intimidate enough "witnesses" to play ball with their fantasy case.
Honestly it's much better to be called winner the pooh as an insult than almost anything else nasty Americans might think of.
TFSA are incredibly poorly disciplined. I suppose that's what you get when you hire cheap Jihadists to do your dirty work.
Dude, that's some hot pot belly goblin shit right there.
It’s supposed to calm you down in emergencies.
What a wet blanket. Who was that guy again?
How idiotic. A friggin paper clip.
But it won’t because this sub is silly
More cheap insults with no discussion points or arguments. Way to go, dude. You're proving my point with every post.
Glycogen levels depleted. Please insert more carbohydrates. 
We'll be back
We're sorry. The Salt Lake Tribune's web site, [URL], is temporarily unavailable in certain nations. We are working on compliance with the European Union's General Data Protection Requirements, and we expect to [URL] to be available soon. Thank you for your patience.
they got all the fat american converts instead 👌 👌
Good stream. Love her dry sense of humor.
When you get impeached by just the democrats. And then even they dont believe what they are saying. So democrats switch to Republican for the first time in a decade. And were so close to blowing the whole media controll story wide open. But there's a few echo chambers left.
The story is fuzzy, but didn't one of the Secret Service guys that used to cover Hillary when she was FLOTUS, say that SHE was one of the most racist people ever, using the "N" word, and being an overall generally nasty bitch to everyone around her?
If it's quiet to you that's probably from the deafening booming sounds causing hearing loss.
I make an excellent living, but Bernie’s policies would still be a net gain for me.  The people who will lose the most are the massively, unconscionably wealthy, but those people could lose 99% of their wealth and still be rich.
That "mentally ill dude" is a hero and sacrificed a lot to shed the truth on a horrific situation. 
Children are starving because the market isnt free enough lmao
Just about any firearm that is semiautomatic can be modified like this. It would be a gigantic undertaking to ban all semiautomatic firearms in this country. It's just not feasible. 
We thank your father for his service.  Last night was terrific.  Imagine the thrill of the three men seeing that large American flag as they landed. So delighted to see the men in relatively good shape.  

We are proud of your father too.  He’s an honorary Pede, he earned it.
We should not set a BI higher than the poverty level. In the US, that's about 12k. It's meant to be a safety net (so that no one becomes destitute based on their 'income related risks, decisions, accidents, etc.). It's not a not a retirement package.
Honestly I miss the sneak off for a quarter pounder with cheese Bill Clinton. When he was slightly chubby he was fucking awesome. 

But it was doctors that made him stop so what can ya do.
It's annoying but it's not hard
Why does this guy always look like he's petrified of the camera?  He sits awkwardly, walks awkwardly, and stands there doing nothing awkwardly.
And they’re free to ignore you, which they are, because your opinions aren’t profitable.

You lost, lol. Your own ideology of deifying profits is going to smother you, and it’s hilarious.
This has to be the dumbest comment in r/politics history. Stacking the courts will just lead to every president putting more and more justices on till every term. You need to educate yourself wow that comment was idiotic
We could make a big change if we halved the population. Maybe cap it at 20% below 1990 levels.
That's because this "whites never existed" thing does not exist anywhere outside of this idiot's non-functional brain. He's either wilfully misinterpreting the study or he hasn't yet acquired the rudimentary comprehension skills required to understand it.  
 **Trump gives a stunning display of incoherence at the G-7** 

&#x200B;

 **Trump gives a stunning display of incoherence every time he opens his mouth**
No. We've learned our lesson. No third party candidates are getting my vote until the Republican party is extinct.
At this point, wouldn’t it be more newsworthy to point out the incredibly rare times Trump isn’t a complete shithead?

Though maybe blank newspapers wouldn’t sell.
If he comes completely clean, they might not charge him.
This organized ploy to use "job destroying" in every headline is getting old.  The DNC has really plastered that phrase everywhere lately, which is pretty funny considering the unemployment rate during the Obama-Pelosi years.
Donnie runs up debt and sucks everything dry. Even as potus his shady business tactics have no bottom.
"Can you see it?" 

"I could at first but it is all going dark now."
There's no attacks that anyone can levy that aren't old news.  That's kind of the point. 

There's *plenty* on the other hand, that haven't been plastered all over newspapers about Sanders.
[URL]

It was a common stop for previous primary campaigns. I was being a snarky asshole, exaggerating how important that is to Pizza Ranch's business model. Also exaggerating my distaste for them; food's mediocre, not terrible.
Stop using black people to bludgeon a candidate you don’t like. It’s transparent and gross.
What’s stunning to me is how it’s apparently okay to plaster their name and faces all over the media. 

They could be killed by NoKo agents for what they did and now that they’re unmasked it’s even easier for Kim’s goons to do so.
Extinct means it's never coming back.
He had very strong support from the military. That came from running as a Republican not because of who he was or stood for. I’m assuming it’s worn thin now in comparison but that magical letter R really entices a lot of military men (and women for whatever reason).
And what about these guys fella?

[URL]

A list like this will never see the light of day on ukpol
millions less than for his opponents. we'll be rid of him soon. Him and his whole filthy mob.

Not my fault you're an idiotic coward.

I don't care about drama, slapfights are boring, bye.
Brilliant. It could be worth getting with local pawn shops and having them buy up such things for you...
Hillary isn't the leader, lol, she couldn't lead a parched horse to water
I hope you're preaching against the current Republican values with every word you speak.  

All it takes for evil to triumph is for good men to do nothing. 

Be angry.  Your congregation deserves leadership.
SHOCK THERAPY IS AN EFFECTIVE AND HILARIOUS TOOL TO FIGHT THE GAY
This is that guy that looks like a giant thumb right? Can't he just use his big dick toilet to time travel back and fix the forms in 2017?
The guy isn't even looking in the direction of the person. He's pointing in the other direction and that guy just walks into him. How the fuck did this ever get reported as a 'punch'. Ridiculous.
Sure it was an Angus Reid poll.

[URL]

Taking another look at that poll, it also amazes me that only 35% of CPC members agree that climate change is caused by human activity. That's a stunning lack of scientific literacy.
Grail Knight of the Damp Futon, in a dark house with 17 jobless losers smoking pot wearing dirty clothing.
Their first job must be to uphold the constitution, not get re-elected.

I mean, yeah, but how's that been going for us? We have to use whatever leverage there is and threatening the power of the power hungry is the only way to get their attention.
I agree but acting like its impossible to travel without getting arrested is crazy, either don’t bring it or don’t go, but you phrased it as if you were gonna go there and get arrested for owning those items in your home state
Ironic it was a freezer he hid in considering if commy Corbin wins we all be freezing to death by the next election!
Side story, I saw a construction guys truck full of Trump stickers here in Cali and his truck was spotless. I actually walked around his truck to see if it was dented or keyed because I expected it to be but it was spotless.
that's the whole fucking point!! he's resisting advertising culture because of how toxic it is, how are you people having such a hard time understanding this
Bro, I'm wondering how many people are being redpilled to just how vicious and corrupt the MSM is by this video.

I'm sure Breitbart would look at today's MSM and be proud of how Trump ripped them apart in his two memorable press conferences.
I may be a little tipsy,  but damn am I proud of our next president. I've never felt what I felt about a public official, watching him in Detroit today. 
Wind and solar are also clean and they are orders of magnitude cheaper. Given limited resources, what makes more sense to build?
Honestly I think they hate Muslim countries too. Being anti-Assad is being for horrific consequences and never ending warfare. They won’t rest until they fuck up Syria just like Libya.
"I was born a small child.."

Lol.

What the fucking fuck is going on here?
His voice and laughter as the Joker is awesome, unforgettable
I'm old and I had no problem reading it.
tbh, that sounds eerily like a far right-wing conspiracy that xenophobes spew about Jewish people. 

Tens of thousands of journalists aren’t in on some sort of conspiracy. It’s ridiculous. 

Bad actors are bad actors. That doesn’t make *everyone* a bad actor. Not by a long shot.
Although not an entirely accurate or fair article, this is the first time I've seen Politico cover Bernie in a positive light. I haven't forgotten that money tree and the fifteen other nasty things you did, Politico!!
didn’t one party make a BIG deal about security in the last election?
But everyone, except healthcare CEOs love that medicare! But hey, you didn't live long enough to deserve free healthcare assholes!
I'm sure that will make Don Jr. happy.
Sorry, that was sarcasm.  le_boux said matts2's statement was "estrogen soaked" because he took issue with politicians lying. Obviously women aren't the only people who dislike being lied to. 

It's a shame that in this subreddit a statement that absurd can be taken seriously. 
I agree that there's a high percentage of utterly gorgeous Indian women, but no-one fucked with your Google image search with your history. 
Agreed but why would US CentCom lie? Either they have faulty intel or they did it on purpose. I don't want to think our military is engaging in some shady acts do you?
I'd say Kasich, personally. I think he's running more of a campaign based on policy and his record as governor and previous positions rather than making speeches with sound bites to be plastered all over the web.
So when are you planning on starving yourself to death?
Conducted by SurveyMonkey:

 [Unfortunately, the results just weren’t good, with an average error of 7.3 percentage points and an Advanced Plus-Minus score of +2.3.]([URL])


[FiveThirtyEight pollster grade]([URL]): D-
(Morbidly obese)*
“We need to see if Parnas obstructed justice or lied to Congress” 

Big words for a Congressman that is being tried for obstructing justice and lying to Congress.
Yes, you did ask that. And I answered it immediately. And I explained why.

Feel free to quote what I said and I'll be happy to clarify whichever part you're getting confused by.
I still don’t understand why Trump has congressmen, his cabinet and his lawyer do his dirty work. Isn’t that what personal investigators are for? How dumb can you be. How CHEAP can you be?! Jesus, you’re trying to fix an election, my guy.
Yeah but that is enough to make it the best sci-fi movie of the year it released.  Same as *Arrival*.

Sci-fi-drama has been a badly parched genre on the silver screen up until recently.
That is correct, Friday after about 5-6PM until Saturday night 7-8PM most public transportation will be unavailable. Taxi's run moderately in some cities but usually at an increased price, varies by location.
How depleted do you think latakia regime manpower reserves are?
Good meme. Quality
This looks like only weed?!   
What a hideous thing to do. Make it legal and most of it's problems will go up in a puff.  


Another family destroyed, thanks to the unjust system and the war on drugs.  


Go Portugal, save lives!
Get that man some water... he looks parched. 
It brings me so much joy to think of his little turtle face turning all red. He’s so angry he probably has to collect himself before going into public, what a failure of a person.
Here in Alabama you just get soaked if it's hot. Your sweat doesn't evaporate unless there's been a drought. 
I still think crazy Bernie was part of this.  He was there to stop any real challenges to Hillary.  He soaked the clueless snowflakes, then gave all their money to Hillary.  In return, she got him a nice new summer house.
I disagree completely. 

He writes a scalding argument in "Walden" where he belittles the common man for being too basic, and allowing themselves to be chained to jobs like railroad working.
Scalding hot take: please do not eat foie gras.
Obligatory, I agree with your view on immigration.

But I am curious, what do you think of officials in Virginia that are preemptively doing this for gun laws. Should we be okay with them not enforcing gun laws if we are okay with these officials doing it for immigration law?
Because knowing who contributes to campaigns is part of having a transparent election process.

Do you hate America or something?
They sll could have been arrested. Instead Sleepy ensured they all reach life long government pensions. 

Sessions was the insurance policy. 
The rhetoric in the 2019 Dem primary debates seems much hotter than in the 2016 ones. Public mood is less hot because it's hard to keep heat going for five years among the public.
Are you still a fan of Stein for giving the last election to trump? 

And yes, that's what happens when you post some nsfw content.
She's hideous as fuck
BREAKING NEWS

"INAUDIBLE" = "I MURDERED VINCE FOSTER"

I READ IT ON THE INTERNET
Amazon has 10000 open job listings for software engineers right now.
Nunes isn't very good at this.  The dude is just not a good writer or speaker, without even needing to consider the ridiculousness of the content.
No. The writing is absolutely terrible. It's really funny how bad it is.

I say the same about Marx' writing. Both are really important books, but you really don't have to read them. Rather read your local telephone book. Not as dry.
Ofc they don't have to, but if anything that comment proves the article right, as it doesn't engage in discussion of race. Never said it was against the rules or that they had to, don't be silly.
A history of substance abuse is the kind of thing that makes perfect sense to be a significant part of someone's identity. That shit really impacts your life.
I think it's more likely that people are voting earlier in the day as a lot of people will have christmas parties to go to in the evening (as well as it being dark, cold and rainy).
 Those countries who have active troops working in Syria

And what about the countries that are constantly pouring more oil on the fire, by arming, supplying and financially supporting one side or the other? They also share responsibility for making this war drag on for years.
So stunning having the highest prices in the world and the worst reliability in the country.

So good that industry literally fled the state because of their push to be the renewable energy state.
Given that proud boys advertise they go there to assault people, it looks like its them that are being given the privilege.

You know its really transparent - the pro fascist bias here, you spend zero time being critical of them.
I agree that the govt in all its wisdom would add it to already too large pile of programs. It would not work unless it were to REPLACE a bunch of other programs. But then its govt and it is incredibly hard to take the money back once they've spent it 10 times over.
Because they’re going to be so filthy rich from the money they’re getting from the fossil fuel industry it won’t affect them at all. That’s how.
That was over twenty years ago. I'm glad nothing else happened. I've never been one to be even pushy in bed. It's pretty out of character for me and scared the shit out of me.
Shower and have a below obese BMI and it’s easy to get laid at a Trump rally. Wear a rubber.
To stay warm.
Fuck that's funny
These transcripts were taken from the recording.  There are several [inaudible] notes throughout the transcripts.
One guy actually used the "but obama" excuse too.  He was naming all the bad things all other presidents had done.   As if that would somehow make what orange hitler did go away.
This keeps getting better and better. Also, am I the only one who finds Ambassador Sondland charming/ attractive?

This is of course one hell of a callback to the Cold War playbook

Whereas there was a legitimate national security interest during the Cold War, there is none here. This is just Trump self serving his campaign.
lol America and it's leader is a gigantic joke
be wary though, fam
Fuck off you dick bent
Most countries require satisfactory academic testing in early childhood, late childhood, and adolescence to qualify for free college; if you aren't testing well above average or have test anxiety, you will be slotted into menial job training
In Japan penises used to have to be censored. Tentacles was a way to get around that and be able to show things.

It is kind of silly in retrospect for porn to be allowed but it randomly be censored.
Guys, Armstrong is not drunk.

He is clearly in alcohol withdrawal due to this marathon hearing
Or Michelle Obama trying to make school lunches more healthy. 

It’s my right as an American to raise obese children!
Fuzzy video. The audio.. well it's inaudible.
But wiill it make Trump supporters wary?

Any Trump supporters who can respond *with civility* are invited to do so.
Mueller doesnt want his word to be twisted into a sound bite so rather than risk misspeaking he refers them to his report
Impossible burger gave me the squirts.  Was percolating butt coffee for 2 days.
I personally can't WAIT until these start pouring out of the woodwork. He sent off fourteen other potential cases. I want this cavalcade of fuck-ups plastered all over the news so America can finally shake off the shackles from these mustache twirling diabolical pricks.
If you needed to know a candidate is unflappable this would be the test.
Gorgeous.  And also caring, sophisticated, and intelligent.  I wish more was made of her amazing skills reaching out to people, children, in their own language.  She's amazing, and it's tragic our media are so hate-filled and TDS-afflicted they can't report her real character.
[URL]

Ignore the ad and fast forward through the dumbass anchor.  This video is a brilliant depiction of this man and I think shows Boehner's true colors.  The guy was petrified to be on this summit without his lobbyists backing him up.  

obese lib fascist
Annoyed me? Pshaw! You seem like a really outgoing and personable individual!
Imagine how twisted you have to be when the almighty dollar replaces basic shit like food in your hierarchy of needs.
To be fair, I don't really pay attention to YouTube or TV ads either, unless they're really unique or appear EVERYWHERE. If we can make an eye-catching billboard or simply buy a bunch of billboards with "Yang2020" on em, that'll stick to people's minds.
then it’s special that it was included in the first place
Amazing how these "woke" cunts with nothing going on in their lives besides a podcast no one listens to, completely abandon kindness and political correctness just to own the libs.


I guess its good for their ~~begging cos they're useless~~ patreon.
Let's be honest; the nation has become so politically polarized that the Republicans will engage in full on obstruction regardless of who the next Democratic president is. I'd rather have someone who has demonstrated that he or she can handle that level of partisanship and vitriol while remaining unflappable.
I bet they have 45 minutes of grandstanding lined up. No special counsel required.
Yeah, that wait was a deafening silence. 
Which would require the treaty to be re-written and unanimously approved by all EU28 member states, their Parliaments and EU parliament in 2 days.

Again, if any member states is unhappy it'll be no extension and thus no deal.
The problem is many of his followers are uneducated, and distrust democrats and the media.  It’s going to be pretty difficult to make a rational point with that crowd.
Meetings about meetings about when to schedule more meetings.  Oh wait, it's time again for another two week recess.  Whew, I'm exhausted... so much work.
Oh yeah, it made me incredibly annoyed that they only directly asked him two questions, one of which was about China -_-
It is however bloody weird to draw it indoors, with an arrow though. What if his clicker is faulty?
Even if they could, why would the EU want to force the UK to stay inside? Just to have a pissed-off member hell bent on obstruction? The genie is out of the bottle buddy.
She's like.... far above average.  I'd say Trump is around mediocre.
That appeared to be their strategy yesterday, just trying to undermining anything that's not 1st hand knowledge without even considering the content of what they know.
That water is decently warm, somebody could survive for 12 hours, maybe a little longer
Attractive in the same way as horses are to some. It's an evolutionary anomaly.
haha im sleepy and didnt see the "flawed" part and figured it was just harsh
Lulz. You T_Ders are petrified of kids in black masks. How many times have you posted that? Looks like at least 5 times. Even your fellow boot lickers called it fake news.

Again, please stop committing mass murders. You’re making other Americans look bad.
Well no wonder they didn't find Hillary's crooked emails! Sleepy Joe shipped them to the Ukraine! Now that's the craftsmanship only a good leader could put together.
But the article isn't the hilarious part. I'm subscribed to emails from the Department of Education and the subject/title of the latest email that came last night is:

 We all need second chances, don’t we?
Is the idea of not worrying about starving or losing your home indicative that you can choose not to work and pursue your passion instead? Or are you required to work to get back government's benefits? 

If you are required, is it to a lesser degree than people currently do?
Important portions are Section 1, 2, and especially 7.  7 gives persons or entities targeted under this order no prior warning or notification prior to seizure and freezing of assets.  
I love Melania. She's so gorgeous, what an amazing First Lady. 
We should have known better.. even when she was kind of attractive she still had Socialist crazy eyes [link]([URL])
Legit forgot this guy existed for a minute because of all the other news pouring in recently.
are you angry? calm down
Sycophants love this trick

On the other hand, he's so transparent and malleable, we could probably have turned him into a left wing dream if we praised the shit out him for doing anything at all that we liked and stayed silent when he staryed
I know it's trump and the guy is a dick. But really HBO? It's a font that looks similar, I mean fuck, I'm more annoyed at the lame copyright laws these days, that would make HBO feel Justified in there mouth dribbling.
 Then why hasn't anyone made %100 accurate (or at least %99.97) predictive models like other sciences.

Lmao. There are more factors going into economics than any hard science. Learn the basics of the fields before you come up with absolutely idiotic criticisms
10 steps backwards, 2 steps forward. So delighted that we're taking steps forward, this fixes everything! /s
Excellent article.

More realistic than a lot of people in this Sub.
In a socialist country, you wouldn't lose your house or go hungry if you lost your job. Food and shelter would be considered human rights.
I mean, it really makes no sense for things to not be repaid if broken in the line of duty. Unless they can reasonably charge the one who is at fault for them having to.
I said it in another thread, but NC was a fucking joke. Kiddie tables, no privacy, people pow wowwing who they are gonna vote for, phones everywhere, not enough help, not enough booths, soaked with democratic ads as soon as we get there. 
Fuck yes Bernie is not letting his momentum dry at all, he just keeps going. This man needs to win.
Russia's goal is propping up the regime, who Turkey doesn't get along with. Besides, the US could prevent a Russia-Turkey alliance easily by dropping their unrealistic demand that Assad be ousted. Putin would be happy to assist in freezing out Erdogan in exchange.
[Unsettling item re: a recent endorser of Bernie.]([URL])

(couldn't help but think of "A man goes home")
Fat, estrogen soaked blob decries masculinity, urges counseling. 

Surprising?
And how dare that uppity black feller live in the White House, to boot!

I am convinced that Trump's election was in fact a reaction to having that smarty pants black guy run their country for 8 whole years.
Ayyyyyyyyyyyyy you like me 

Edit: oh yuck it’s you again filthy asian
Right?! I am fucking tired of hypocritical religious nutjobs touting Trump as the second coming of Jesus when he is antithetical to everything the Bible teaches. The mind-numbing idiocy of this country makes me want to throw myself in broken glass.
 down to the lady with the crystals needs to drop

But who will keep the dark psychic forces at bay?
Epic meltdown by Cenk. If this guy does this more often I might watch his shitty highlight reels. He made some interesting points while delivering an impeccable salt-rage. 9/10
Well either the door was ajar or her key card was able to unlock his door. That's really the only 2 possibilities of how she was able to enter.
If we had a candidate that was just like Bernie on economic policy -- free college, cancel student debt, single payer, etc. -- but explicitly recognized the unique needs of minorities, was pro-diversity, feminist, and intersectionalist, how would you feel about him?
So? Cultural attitudes change.

The search for scientific, objective artistic quality is silly.
And Lucy Liu in Charlie’s Angels was a hot women of color long before these boomers were born
Observing USA politics comedy from across the big water, my impression is that the Democrats would have a good chance to get rid of Trump , IF and IF Joe Biden would step aside. There are some briliiant and brave democrats available.

I am 75, but petrified at seeing the geriatric horrorshow played out.
 See, but you’ve got to view them as people

Ah shit. Forgot what country I was in for a second there. My bad.
Chris Christie is almost 400 lbs.

He's not just "chubby" or "out of shape".
I have work in a few hours, and I'm just exhausted. I'm going to bed America.
Overhearing a tipsy Kellyanne Conway [dish on the idiots]([URL]) she has to work with.
So fucking tasty
You're hopelessly naive. Just because people (of any political bent) don't use them as surrogate cocks and flash them around to bolster their insecurity doesn't  mean they don't own and know how to use.
Do you have anything more pertinent for your claim other than an article  about 1.5 million year old microbes? The ~~Midieval~~ Medieval warm period ended 600 years ago, not 1.5 million.
It's hard to win an argument with a smart person. It's impossible to win an argument with a stupid person.   - someone.
Jim Jordan is definitely in deep and is scared.
No worries. This will be automated soon. Imagine a swarm of personalised opinion management agents following you everywhere, competing for your attention by constantly generating free media content just for you.
 As a share of both imports and exports Russia has fallen by more than half. Pretty significant.

excellent. now let's put some icing on this cake: stop the flow of evil Russian gas into and through Ukraine.
It's not an unsolvable problem, but i think it would require a bigger organization and possibly would be very hard to do sneaky business.
Consequences have elections, too. 

We spoke that loud and clear a year ago.
Tinfoil hat on too snug?
I think ad works for those old folks who don’t go out much, also the weather been so cold out in Iowa. I think we will see the result of ads translate in poll.
still feel like its smarter to apply for jobs in all 5 locations and then pick the job/location pair that's most attractive to you.
Well, I'm more talking about if the door wasn't actually ajar, that would look a lot worse on her so I don't think that something the defense would bring up.

It just seems a bit coincidental is all. Not that coincidences don't happen.
Yes he is South African (I'm assuming from the accent) - he was the guy talking about being scared for his daughters.
Yes, pouring concrete onto train tracks is terrorism and you're a violent communist who supports terrorism.
All I can think of is this face she's making at JT and all the clips of her vigorously swatting away Rumpledtaintskin's hand while frowning all those times! Fucking hilarious!

Someone should do a gif where they show 'this smile' then 'swat and frown', smile/swat & frown/smile/swat & frown. . .
I don’t think it is possible to impeach a president with either side of congress controlled by the same party as them.
What has a 5 year old story to do with organizing a protest not against Buttigieg personally but against black elected officials and pastors who wanted to speak about their opinion about working with him?
Or that rare breed: "soon to be former."
now that’s a tasty word salad!
Fucking lols. He easily had the brightest speech and presence. The crowd loved him, and Yang Gang was extremely obvious. I guess they want us to stop visiting their content. I'm not clicking that article, I guess.
The meltdown is hilarious. Kamalastans are going to hold Tom Perez hostage before we know it
Some how I doubt it. They're broken pretty much every institution in trying to stop Trump.  Once back in power they'll just rig the elections so they can't lose.  They openly talk about locking up every last republican on /r/politics.  That would effectively be a one party state like China.
Omfg yes, that was so nasty!!!!
Be wary of their VPN.

[URL]
 essentially non-functional

476,000 Obamacare applications filed.

[URL]%3A+usatoday-NewsTopStories+%28USATODAY+-+News+Top+Stories%29&utm_content=Google+Feedfetcher


One of the rare sequels that can best the first one.
That bitch should dry fry in the electric chair....
I'm delighted with those numbers but I am curious where their confidence in Bernie came from.
He actively calls violent Muslims out, and has had many death threats as a result. We have Atheists and luke warm Christians out there supporting the President. Imam of Peace is one of the good guys.
Oh no that sucksss you guys.  Whatever will we do? Mueller's got us now. I am just [URL] and petrified i do declare!  Mr. Haverson, get me a nice freshly squeezed lemonade, I'll take it on my rocking chair on the porch.  That'll settle me.
Obama wore a tan suit so now we all live in the Dark Dimension.
How can you be fat and in the military? I thought there were rules.
By all accounts I've seen the boy was tired after waiting for so long and wanted to lie down, a bed was made available for him 13(?) hours after he arrived at A&E
They all deserve something somewhere special.
Mark wants a conference because he's the chair of the freedom caucus, and skinny isn't horrible enough for them, so that's actually probably true.

They want a conference to change it, make it worse, and pass it.
Yeah, but it makes it harder to catch him in the act. I’m not claiming he’s innocent but I am saying it makes things more difficult to uncover
I'm tired of criminal behavior by the President
Brilliant!  Can’t wait to make NPC heads explode with this.
Huge as in morbidly obese?
Cigarettes? Actually when I am thirsty I don't crave cigs because they make my throat feel even more parched, but when I down a big glass or two of water, I head to the ashtray.
 More likely they outlaw Labour as an anti-Semitic organisation and lock up the leadership.

Fuck that's dark.
RT proves its unflappable reliability and fairness once again.
Jesus common dreams needs to calm down about Bernie.
Biden and Obama had the votes in Congress and did nothing about Guantanamo bay.

I'm sure he'll get fat checked on that tomorrow.

Listen Fat.
Well, that gives me an idea as to what it is, but I'm rather interested in how such a measure would function.

For instance, how does this system deal with non-resource-based things that probably remain scarce, like art commissions?
Because Thatcher was willing to get very nasty and play very dirty to win. People seem to forget how shit it got before Thatcher got in. The UK got bailed out by the imf.
That doesn't help me get to places like Hamilton or Niagara though. GO, being a commuter rail network, is focused on getting people to Union, and that's pretty much it.
I dont see how they would want to meddle in Canadian elections. Putin definitely does not have love for the CPC. Trudeau was getting snug with China, Russia's biggest ally, but with the Huawei incident those relationships have been strained. So are they going to try to snug up to the NDP/greens?
That’s another horrific mischaracterization.
Scheer wants to impose a carbon tax? Bernier, are you drunk?
I love this Steven Crowder quote;
"Being lower class in America doesn't mean you're starving in a bamboo hut, it means you don't have the latest iPhone."
They do start fights all the time. There were at least a couple of proud boy fights here in Chicago over the past year or so. Something about one of them stabbing a non-proudboy in the face? IDK the details other than that memorable one.
Can you repair a severed carotid artery in the dark?
Ok, I guess that holding an ideology with these unanswered questions is satisfactory for you. Although it wouldn't be for me.
I've got a friend who is 7ft and works out a shit load and eats like a horse and he still looks super skinny. Although even though his muscles aren't big in diameter they are super long so he can still fuck you up. He is stronk as fuck

*Theresa May, you have had it!”*!- June 2017, Alistair Campbell 

*“The moment is coming when the knife gets heated, stuck in her front and twisted. She’ll be dead soon.”* - October 2018, Unknown

Show me a body (metaphorical of course.)
Barr is a hideous man. What a fucking goon.
I've thought the same thing in seeing some of the individual donation amounts.  $10K-$50K.  That is nothing to a super wealthy person.  Also this is just what is publicly available, I'm sure there is dark money flowing to the politicians in other ways.
It's almost as if all these people happy to attack Corbyn as an antisemite for writing that foreword, are happy to ignore May and Johnson attending the unveiling of the statue of that vile antisemitic woman just last week (that's even mentioned in the video) - why is that?
Cool but what were you so unhappy about that Drew had to personally reach out to you??
Places don't just snap from sunny with calm air to 220 mph winds.  It's gradual as it moves closer.
I'm not sure I agree with this theory.

I find many traps to be attractive but hairy, masculine men don't do it for me.
That’s actually not a lot of money for a doctor.  My sister was a mediocre med student and got an offer of 250 her first year out of her fellowship and 300 her second year.

these abortion drs are the bottom of the barrel
Wow. This "Washington Examiner" strangely seems to have run into a whole patch of stories that all seem to lean to the one side. I'll withhold any judgment for now, go to have a drink of my scalding hot coffee and look it over some more. 
Small businesses arent allowed in capitalism tf you tal'm bout.
Reality: 

Auth Left: Take everyone's candy and share it among your friends and then leave a tiny amount for everyone else leaving them to fight over the remainder.
Wrote a paper on this in college. It's so horrific what we as a country have done to our most vulnerable citizens.
Anchor Steam!  Actually pretty much anything that tastes good.  I tend to avoid american crap like Budweiser and Corona.  Not a big fan of Heineken.  

Shit, maybe I'm a beer snob.  I like tasty beer.
Damn, reading political subreddits of the other persuasion, I would have thought these little children were chained up, naked, starving, dirty, and in dog kennels with rocks to sleep on as a pillow. 

Someone oughta tell them!
The first seats coming in are showing turn-outs in the low 60's %. That's some pretty pathetic voter apathy in an election that actually matters. Good old FPTP.
That's a nasty looking cockholster
I’m not and never will be on board for tracking guns, god forbid a national registry. 

I could get behind mental health however I think that’s a very tough issue. I’m also wary of slowly chipping away at a right. 
Being angry about the result is not equivalent to an argument. And frankly, accusing someone with a different opinion to you of being a paid troll completely devalues your credibility.
The amount of lies is impeccable.
OMG that was the most memorable Friday here! Hahahah
White house staff getting tired of cleaning Big Macs thrown at the TV
For real though Ovaltine is tasty AF.
Starts every conversation with the obligatory 'First of all, there was no collusion...' like that's normal 
I'm guessing that the obligatory butt-sniffing and gender posturing that the left uses to identify their comrades would be a dead giveaway.
STILL going on about Clinton? Jesus you guys are obsessed. You know she lost, right? Donnie has to stand or fall on his own merits eventually, right? It's weird, man. Deeply unsettling character metric right there.
[URL]

[HAHAHA Good one!]([URL])

Either you didn't realize that I purposely left a word out to mock you or, like your dark overlord, you're going senile ya redneck Boomer.
And just after she mentioned the dirty tricks of corporate America the clip ends.  I wonder if Comcast didn't want wide understanding of how they're not just screwing Americans directly but also indirectly by coming after us through government.
Just because your user name made me do a double take: "[URL] in his colonies every port 
sent up a cloud of authorized smoke 
with an official number and a juicy franchise. 
The official gentleman in London 
dressed like a spotless nightingale"
There are certainly angry users here however. People who take this sub for granted and go balls to wall vitriolic against those who are different.
I'm sick to death of the butt kissing, pandering, brown nosing lock-stepping bullshit  all to tow the party line!  American people need to get HONG KONG ANGRY AND MARCH FOR OUR RIGHT TO DUE PROCESS IN OUR GOVERNMENT AND TO KEEP FREE, FAIR ELECTIONS WITHOUT FOREIGN INFLUENCE!  This is bullshit!
Good. 

-Albert Fairfax II
Alas, America is an anti-democratic backwards nation where team winning is more important than a functional country.

This line is what is causing people to give you hell, not the idea itself. Saying the U.S. is non-functional from the U.K. is like the pot calling the kettle black.
I think he’s also intentionally drawing fire, encouraging us forget that the 52 other GOP Senators are just as repugnant. He’s happy to be the lightning rod, and gets off on it as well.

Edit: words, man
Odds are he has accidentally shared his smartphone location with anyone he has ever texted. Shouldn't be too hard for a journalist to find.
What a classy couple. And Michelle looks absolutely gorgeous, especially for being 52.
I am in a very high cost of living city, so that's going to compound and drive up my salary but a lot of things also will cost more.
So it can at times be difficult to compare, as it's always sorta apples to oranges with a lot of caveats.
And when the soccer mom pulls out the Lady Beretta 9mm instead of the wet wipes what happens then?
And those 54% of Americans are totally freaking right. I'm so happy the needle is moving on this. 

If you encounter any stragglers who just don't get why we should be going through all of this, check this link out!

[Why you're right about Impeachment]([URL])
Not a [URL] that dude's hair gets wet it'll be all pink scalp  and newborn baby hair, lord knows his ego can't handle that.
all you need to do is remove the customs red line from the erg and the deal becomes much more palatable. throw in migration and youre in the norway+ model

I am pretty certain parliament would have passed mays deal had she not gone full erg appeasement mode. weve learnt from neville chamberlain that appeasement doesnt work
That, and Russia has some nasty dirt on them.
You are amazing. Stay strong (and warm!). I heard its already at freezing there! 
All babies are ugly but this is a special breed of a pussy cyst of a human being
Expression doesn't make much sense though, we're also the 6th largest economy now. 

Nobody is suggesting that Britain would completely collapse, but show me which modern large economy works without any major trade deals, under WTO rules?

Also you've deleted your comment now...
The anonymity to prevent bribery or threats is interesting. There seems to be nothing stopping someone from taking a picture or video of their voting process to prove they voted in a particular way to accept money or prove their action for other reasons. Seems like that problem is somewhat unsolvable with paper ballots too. 
Criticisms != smears

Maybe you should’ve started with those instead of going straight into the bag of cheap tricks
It is a large number for the UK - remember that this is not like a Presidential election. It is one constituency at a time, and the constituencies have fewer voters per constituency than the US.

UK population - 67 M Parliament size - 650 MPs
Stunning and Brave 😭
Mulroney has impeccable French. 10/10
Wuben said 4 early state polls but anyway no big deal, just clarifying
Mad dog Mattie vs chubby chubkins 
That is such a silly concern to have.  Trump's base is going to get stirred up regardless of what anybody does.  There is no dumber way to plan what you are going to do than be concerned about people that are going to pretend you are the devil regardless of what you do or say.
To be fair, A certain subset of Bernie supporters show up in every comment section to attack every other candidate (even and especially Warren for some reason).   

So the animosity is kind of justified.   

And I say that as someone who very much likes Bernie Sanders.
As someone from a fly over state, I don't like them. Any of em. So sick and tired of this shit
It would have to be a unanimous decision, otherwise things get ugly fast.
tRumps supporters are like  no other. Incredibly twisted people. 
Here is an article from my neck of the woods in Kansas City.   Of 1000 farmers polled, 76% still support Trump.   There is no reaching these people, it is pointless to try.  Maybe once they lose their farm they can eat their guns when they get hungry. 
[URL]
Then someone will need to call in a pod of hungry killer whales.
I really liked the idea posited earlier that it takes about 2 days of deliberation per week of [URL] means we might hear tomorrow! 

I feel like no questions coming out means they are working through things on their own in a satisfactory way. They had a lot of stuff to dig through. 
I'm not advocating for capitalism, I'm advocating for free markets. Those also need compliance, but I'm more willing to endorse force applied to protect individuals' initiatives than I am to endorse force applied to protect the plans of bureaucracies.
Yes, even if he was terminally ill, the overwhelming number do not commit suicide.
That’s funny considering conservatives are pro-war and against helping anyone but the wealthy.
It’s sad how this isn’t plastered all over the place, but but but but, Trump Russia is giving us food network ratings for once 
This needs to be plastered all over Europe.  The athiest community there is in for a nasty surprise once the Christians are purged from their culture. 
Keep going.  Your idiotic rhetoric will get him reelected in 2020.  Democrats just don't get it.
The Volker/Sondland transcripts lay out Trump wanted to clean up corruption in Ukraine, and ensure taxpayer funded aid wasn’t going to corrupt causes.    
Prove me wrong.
Well Trump is corrupt after all and he lowered taxes and increased spending which undermines the economy long term so praising him for it seems silly. Biden's son being guilty of some crime would not actually change that Trump leveraged a foreign government with U.S funds for election interference.
Agreed. But it's basically the difference between "can be breached" and "in a state of breach as soon as anyone notices". Air gap = the door is locked and can be picked; Network = the door ajar.
it just creates a sort of peasant community where no one is really happy

🤔
All because of some white guy, in a dress and sandals, that lives in the clouds. Awesome!
These mods are impeccable!
Very unsettling 

Wow, I’ve never seen a bombing comedian turn it around so quickly. Impeccable timing and wit!
My brother goes to this school... his record isn't spotless, lol. He's a young tenure-less idiot who has no idea what he's talking about. They ended up not firing him either. The Superintendent stepped down like a cuck.
National level and local level are very different. The representatives in states that went to Sanders 70-85% should worry about ignoring their constituents' will when it's so crystal clear, they don't have a southern firewall to recline on.
Without knowing the content you and I do not know which side concerns them more.

Public knowing about massive russian interference (if that is what the report says) **is** national security.

Your statements make clear you are jumping to a conclusion for your personal political beliefs.
My dark horse theory is that is EXACTLY what Graham and Moscow Mitch are hoping for.. A "forced" recusal because they'd be in instant violation of their oath.

That way they can cower away from taking a vote.
Obama would have appointed the saintly Merrick [URL] Garland [URL] whatever that unforgettable cuck's name was.

Then Hilldawg is elected and RBG would have retired, opening up a spot which is rumored to where Barry, with his new DC house and new DC wall comes in.
Basically low unemployment is bad when labor becomes scarce and wages become too high for companies to pay them. This is obviously unsustainable. An increase in LFP means an increase in the labor supply. I really can't see a level that LFP becomes too high and has negative effects on the economy. 
*Kind of.* Strasserism is a thing that exists. It's anti-capitalist Nazism, basically "All Jews should die, but it's because they're the secret masterminds of capitalism, not because of any silly racial enmity."
Are the Republicans not allowed to talk about or disprove evidence in this hearing? If they are allowed, and I’m sure they are, shut up about the process and disprove the Democrats. Now is your time to shine, not whine.
it's actually really easy to make torches.  We did it in OA (part of the scouts) for ceremonies.  Burlap soaked in Diesel fuel for about an hour.

They'd last about an hour to an hour and a half.
Rabbit is tasty 
Thanks. I looked at [URL] [URL] were we originally told fire door was ajar instead of locked? Who locked/barricaded the door? How did the hotel know it was locked/barricaded? 
You’re kidding right? There’s around 20% of the country who openly supports this. That’s an *alarmingly* large chunk of people, and more than a few of them currently hold public office, including congressional seats.
So A fake news outlet that employs "idiots" is telling you the truth this one time becuase its what you want to hear. Brilliant! You are like a wet dream for propagandists! 


**Hitler would have absolutely loved you!**
Ajit Pai

Asjit Pai

Ashit Pai 

A Shit Pie 

But honestly this dude sucks dick. I hate the fact that this brown mother fucker spouts his shit lies. I myself as a brown person get annoyed when I see other brown people doing things like this because I feel like he falsely represents me.
Gonna be the second cycle where Bernie would be the most/2nd most palatable candidate in the field to me but I'm gonna pass on voting for him in the primary because so many of his internet supporters are condescending jackasses with zero self-awareness and generally less subject matter knowledge than the people they're condescending to
it's his writing. it's so big because hes the one writing and needing to read it. someone made a font out of it that you can download. buzzfeed? called tiny hands or something along those lines.
 Sanders is the only candidate capable of energizing America’s enormous lumpen proletariat

Elizabeth Warren would like to have a word with you.
Sounds like a party plan. Tacos for breakfastvotingtaco Tuesdaytipsy TuesdayMIDNIGHT TACO TUESDAYWasted Wednesday. I'm down. 
The truth is slowly but surely pouring out. I love it!
Light the fires and get the drums out, boys!
Good point. I refute that evidence then but I still hold by the conviction that jumping to the claim of voter fraud is silly, especially when like I said previously democrats tend to do much more well in cities.
That's not the clintons mocking you, that's the rest of America who got adequate oxygen when they were born
 ahahaha it's just a prank guys!

Classic. They meant every word of it. They only said they were joking because they got a bad response to it.

Edit: doing the right thing only after getting caught is a right wing family value
In my opinion, Tulsi is the hardest working, most unflappable, most genuine, most correct, most heart-warming person/candidate I have ever seen in my over 70-years of living.
exhausted student owned by CHAIN RULE and GEOMETRIC SERIES. 
I'd never thought about it this way, that's brilliant.  Let's test it out by having him off Moscow Mitch on 5th Avenue.  His cult gets to prove their loyalty, we get to feel ok about the test.
Hehehe, I love the comments after realizing this too. So well articulated to keep the pot warm.
Goddamnit that sounds delicious, WHY WON'T YOU COME TO MY TOWN CHICK-FIL-A?!
And you're a filthy coward who hides behind children.

A lot like that antifa guy that his behind his girlfriend after mouthing off to someone.
Ironically not really, The horrible maps you see there don't actually affect the partisan balance of Maryland but just primary protection, the actual gerrymandered district is pretty cleanish.
[URL]%27s_6th_congressional_district#/media/File:Maryland_US_Congressional_District_6_(since_2013).tif
I will never understand the intense pleasure some people seem to get from bastardizing the names of their political opponents. Copmala, Killary, Sleepy Joe, Demonrats, etc. 

That said, Mayo Pete is a pretty good dunk and I gotta hand it to 'em.
What is up with the weird inaudible glitches? What is he saying that Fox or The Daily Beast doesn't want people to hear?
This is how military coups happen. Best to not open that Pandora's box.
Harriott is trying something just as silly today.   People will do anything for attention.   But I'm curious to see what he said to the dignitaries anyway.
Shoes that large are an affront to morality. (Still a spook)
Thank God. Now half the rest should drop out soon and yang should continue his quiet rise to the top ;)
Relying on something currently unavailable and possibly unavailable in the long-term (increasingly more likely thanks to dysgenics) is no solution.  Beyond that, you would trust a state to genetically modify the people?   
Imagine living in such a great and free country, where if all you do is rage against your country and your president, you're allowed to do it.

Sure, you're probably a piece of shit, but at least appreciate it.
The black arm white arm meme should be replaced with two skinny white arms
A wounded animal with 1,800 deployed nuclear warheads at his command and the world's largest military by a gargantuan margin. Sleep tight!
It's gotta be the one with the scarce resources!
Should just be: "[inaudible]"
When Trump claimed to be the "most transparent President in history" did we just misunderstanding what he meant by transparent?

Are you guys actually this oblivious, or is it just a rhetorical/trolling strategy?
They had years prior to investigate Hunter Biden, but because Trump fucked up, now they gotta go full force  and clean up.
I laughed out loud in the theater and had to cover my mouth when the crazy dude that's the analogy for class warfare came out of the basement with the knife

I loved the movie in an ironic way, because I like Bong Joon Ho's work a lot but the anti-capitalist message was meme-tier bad.
Nah, sick and disturbing is the perfect description of TDS.
That was my big question.

The gray areas of Latin America are not satisfactory either.

In whose sphere Africa lies is another question. 
They're always fat ugly cucks.
Moderate fiscal conservatives are extremely unhappy about what the GOP has turned into..

All 3 of them.
 I bought a Yeti and that thing has taken a fucking beating.

I have had a few Coleman's for over a decade. I can't even figure out how to make them non-functional outside of pushing them off a cliff....

What are you doing with yours? (serious)
A forensic quality dna matching test is ~$150. Which seems like it's cheap, but some examiners in large cities do 10 autopsies per day.

A $1,500 per-day expense is not something a lab is going to be happy with, unless you can justify it.
Want your ambulance faster? Get conservative priority booking by pressing '1' now for a low one off payment of £149.99..
Dude open your eyes.
Exactly. It's also ridiculous that you can have someone like Moscow Mitch publicly stating that he is the "Grim Reaper" and "Won't be a fair and impartial judge". How can you openly admit to being biased and unfair and still keep your job?
He's one of the very rare few that actually escaped Arkancide. He openly admitted they wanted him dead from the beginning.
Very true.

The thing is, if we go an eye for an eye, we leave the whole world blind.

If we stoop to their level, we will have a completely non-functional government.  
She looks gorgeous in this pic.
I hope you eat delicious shrimp cocktails around him whenever you get the chance. 
This was the most idiotic thing I’ve ever read.
He's basically non-functional due to alcoholism. I imagine a lot of Corbyn's logic would appeal to him.
Alan Rufus (Alan the Red, nephew of William the Conqueror)

The fuck? The king of some rainy mudhole in northwest Europe? Got a link to the article? I want to do a write up.
Unsettling. That doesn't come across as a normal facial expression.
It's almost like "trickle-down economics" is a load of bullshit!

I've been hearing that whole "trickle-down" mantra for 40+ years and so far, no luck. 

Bone dry.
Bernie, mate, the nominee is going to be up against Donald Trump or Ted Cruz.  The candidate who can win the general is anyone with a pulse, their own teeth and a cleanish criminal record.
vehicle safety laws do nothing despite significantly reducing auto related deaths

ACCIDENTAL deaths.  Im all for gun laws that help prevent accidents.  People CHOOSE to drive drunk and speed every day, killing others, despite it being illegal.
You forgot to bold this part

 TRUMP: (inaudible) I was against Iraq. ***I'd be the last one to use the nuclear weapon.***


But I guess it didn't fit your agenda?
Lettuce not forget dark money funneled through the NRA.
This is about on-campus disciplinary hearings, it has nothing to do with the judicial system any more than campus disciplinary hearings about plagiarism or pouring soap in the campus fountain.
No worries. Deceiving is the game they play. They think we distort the beauty of life and love, but they are the ones who use it in a twisted fashion. This post of theirs is a lovely example.
Honestly, I think he was just chewing on a mint or a lozenge to keep his mouth from getting dry. He puts it in his bottom left cheek. But he clearly doesn’t give a shit about the debate. He’s chewing on stuff super unprofessionally. Is China making him run?
I think it's referring to dull i.e. not intelligent on the part of brexiters.  It's not clear though.
Or because people dont know proper firearm safety. For example if you go to a bar you dont bring your gun in because you're planning on getting at least tipsy. I dont drink but if I were under the influence I would make sure to keep my firearms locked up in the safe that night.
How? The US has far lower wages, and astronomically high cost of living thanks to things like the broken healthcare system/insurance scam.

A significant portion of the US is in literal third world conditions. 


By all metrics Canada is far better off. I'm starting to think you're just a troll.
Reschenthaler and Gaetz looks like frat boys who would get caught on tape singing the n word while drunk
This is what the bible calls the "great deception". 

* For this reason, God will send them a powerful delusion so that they will believe the lie, in order that judgment will come upon all who have disbelieved the truth and delighted in wickedness.

People get the government they deserve.
Dude just get bent. Shut the fuck up.
Please take an interest. This is historic and the outcome of this moment in history could affect your greatly in your entire life. Presidents getting impeached is a rare occurrence and each time it has happened the direction of the US changed momentally.
I might even agree with you, but completely irrelevant.

What makes me sick to the teeth is that your bunch are satisfied with continual Tory government, whereas millions are not.
Talking about the impeachment hearings. The statue is irrelevant, except in this sub where people are desperate for something to feel good about.
In the pitch black darkness of a cloudy night on the sea, a single tiny light on the horizon can make all of the difference to those struggling blindly against the waves.
You can't say it's the most transparent government and then defend its egregious attack on transparency.
Watched her interview on Sky News Sunday morning. Simmering, quiet rage at what happened...
You stalk people's post history? Hahaha, wow, you sicko. That says more about your deranged mental state, than it will ever say about me... you twisted, creepy, scary fuck.
Not even my extreme distaste for republican politicians will allow me to believe that he means that literally. Claiming that he's actually advocating scalding with real acid is just crazy. Politicians speak in almost nothing but metaphors. Thinking this is one is only rational.
Isn't there some sort of ancient knights templar people that can sort these pricks out?
In the meantime Texas continues to build on its rainy day fund and investing in infrastructure projects. Texas has plenty of government spending, but we invest in things that actually need investment. We are WAY beyond the point of diminishing return on programs like education. 
For example the travel bans, "zero tolerance" immigration policy, pardon of Joe Arpaio, not providing adequate aid and relief to Puerto Rico
If you’re not angry.  You’re either not paying attention.  Or too rich to care.  People like warren because people are angry, and we want someone who’s going to fix this mess.
You should shoot Robert Mueller an email. I'm sure he will be delighted to hear from you.
Are we tired of all this “winning” yet?
Yeah it's pretty gross. This paper has a powdered form of it that allows it to be readily absorbed by the skin. Unlike plastics, you can get a high blood concentration just from touching it.
she doesn't care about tough questions. That's what happens when your genuine goal is helping people, not pushing a partisan line. She will get tough questions, she will try and be honest with them, she may not have satisfactory answers, but she will probably research them.
I had a three hour night class on my 21st if that makes you feel better. I was a bit tipsy for the guest speaker tbh. 
Trump Ugly.

Breaking news.
Arguing with a sub full of 17 year olds must make you feel powerful. Can't fight people your own age? What do you think I'm doing you cunt. Such a big body yet the mind of kid. You need to eat more you skinny fuck. 220 still small for you
Even sadder when you consider how miserable they'd be in their own utopias.  At least my idea of utopia is something I'd enjoy living in.
When you carpet bomb a tiny nation--dropping more ammunition than in all of WWII--it's not an accident that civilians die. The Turks make the same equivocations when they try to explain away the Armenian genocide.
 there is always the get-out-of-EU-free-card called no-deal

Unfortunately that in most people's mind is like burning your house down because it's to much work to clean up. Sure it works, but it will bring some new problems.
it’s usually coded as “low information voters” like it was in 2016 when Bernie got bodied by black voters in the south
What was the leading question I asked? Is this also a leading question to your tiny brain?
The same forces that brainwashed this generation with ghetto fabulous criminal culture worship has them completely dead set on keeping them destitute. 
Has this ever worked anywhere, ever?

Yes. It worked in ancient ~~Rome~~ Greece.
None claims that PKK are saints, if you ask me both sides have their hands really dirty.
They're domestic nations with a unique status. Foreign would imply not national. All tribe members are also united states citizens so the label foreign does not apply at all you're just being cheeky
i have found the problem her hijab is to tight and cutting down on the air flow causing her brain to over heat.
We’re talking about a 16 year old who is applying to one of the most exclusive universities on earth.  This should be someone with a more impeccable character and maturity.
I love this. Sure it's anecdotal, but it's living proof that Bernie's "radical socialism" has the ability to convert people on the right who are sick and tired of being screwed over by corporate America.
Ffs, why cant labour vote for a leader that my possibly be palatable to non labour members.
The article says that Barr unredacted information that the IG redacted. That information is reportedly about Steele, and Steele was warned about that unredaction. 

Why was he warned, and by whom? That's a pretty big question, IMO.
Indeed. It’s going to get very ugly.
Glad to see that I'm not the only one.  She is not that chubby.  She looked good in Trainwreck. 
bald eagle's about to go [URL] symbolic
Won't someone call a technician?

Gym Jordan needs to go to the scrap yard, never seen such a broken record.
Paywalled - would love to see a good summary/text. Thanks!
He said that rape victims have a crystal clear memories and that any signs of doubt is definitive proof its false. 
Uh no Tom, you are not the only person on that stage who has said that the government is broken...
If you buy anything produced by someone in destitute conditions, you give them money in some form.
ancient mummy.
The "tree" is parched
No, you are being inaccurate.   If I were anything other than the federal government and I said "we are shut down," you would assume the doors were closed, no employees were working, and the organization was completely non-functional.

So I say again, the federal government did *not* shut down.
No because they don't care about being consistent. They have shown they are happy to be as hypocritical as possible and their base doesn't punish them for it.
Turns out my coworker is a near-minarchist level libertarian (who doesn't know what libertarianism is, and calls herself a conservative) and 100% believes the south fought the war for states rights.

She's also very sweet and soft spoken, makes delicious candies, and was a professional dom.
I urge you to learn about voting reform and the effects of the first past the post voting system.

If you don’t understand the mechanics of a system and use it in good faith with a bad result, you are not doing yourself or anyone else any favors.
I'm pretty anti Trump but even I think this is a bridge too far. The points in the article seem extremely minor. Let's stick to all the enormous lies and screwups that he's demonstrably a part of.
You mean the report that said Comey damaged Clinton's campaign by acting in an unorthodox manner but found no evidence anything was politically motivated?
bro nobody is talking about .22 AR clones or Beowulf rounds when they're talking about AR-15's.

and what you're describing definitely isn't unique to AR-15's either.
How he is skinny is beyond me.
Me too on that last rally. Between that night and election night I didn’t get much sleep. Was unforgettable and completely worth it.  
Donate [URL] 

This ad is hot... keep donating so it can keep running!!!
to bad it only makes half the country sick.... let that sink in
I'm not sure about your politician question, but people are right to be very wary of the history of the attempts to implement marxist ideas.
I mean, some people eat frogs? Farming them could actually mean you could increase the supply, lower the price, and sell em to cooks for cheap. Sort of like what’s happened with caviare. The frog farms should still be owned by the workers tho.
Probably conspiracy theories and other bullshit. Clinton's been tested through 25+ years of scandal. 

Trump is petrified of debating Ted Cruz, how does he think he'll fair against Clinton?  
Nice to see sometimes Dark Money does some good things instead of just Republican bad.
who? the person with the intelligent comment? I fail to see how parroting a moronic meme shows a high IQ...
Redacted has like 10 lefty versions of some ancient photo of Trump with Epstein from 1992, or something

[URL] US politics be damned, if orangemanbad comes up it supercedes all rules
Are there any gun ranges nearby? Use your creativity to think of places based men could meet you - they'll be delighted to meet a based woman. Good Luck and you are well rid of that immature fellow.
I always assume a tight shot is hiding literally nothing.
Altright tears are tasty
Young slut getting laid by a mature hunk? I think she'd be utterly delighted 
Not only am I not sure this is allowed, but you aren’t textbanking for signatures. You would be giving people ten dollars for a commitment to vote for Yang? They would just take the ten dollars and vote for whoever they wanted.
No, that was her freezing in fear when a peta banner was unfolded. 
How sure are you he's a billionaire.  He could be insolvent.  I don't think its hard for real billionaires to get financing, no one in the Western hemisphere will loan him money.
This is what people said in 2016 also, but he won by a landslide. If you guys don't get him impeached by the time re-election is here, he will win again. It will be impossible to impeach if he wins his 2nd term.
well as doing volunteer work which would look good on my CV.

Marching for climate would be pretty attractive on most CVs id assume in this modern world. Just sayin

Here is a fact for you. There are more unemployed people than available jobs. Thats a fact
The sink was non-functional in the story about being told to drink from the toilet. When the women reported the sink wasn't working, they were told to drink from the toilet bowl.
I'm not scared of you Mr. president, I'm a brave possum
It was coke. Here is his response on Wednesday.  

[do something memorable. ]([URL]) 

[Nunberg responds video]([URL]) 
Good. She was bad for the party anyways with her history of police connections and locking up people over drug addiction.
That’s pretty cool - that “hello” and “god” are the same word. And I’m inferring from other things you said that there are no longer sages who can do what the ancient sages did?
The free square should either be "here's how I see this" or "but here's the deal"
Thanks!

I'm always wary of docs on Youtube, but Gibney is usually quite solid. 

How that guy makes 3 documentaries a year, I'll never know. 
Most Americans know little about this ancient civilization and much less about American involvement there. If they did good people would be on their knees begging pardon for 65 years of misery that we brought upon them.
Yeah. I have to completely agree. Seattle sucks. Too bad we cant split the state down the middle and make two states. The really bizarre and rainy west side and the somewhat normal with four seasons East side.
Now would be the perfect time for Schiff to remind everyone that Clinton got 66 million votes.
Yeah and I said a large percentage of Americans wouldn’t agree with you. Doesn’t that make it inaccurate?
I get it but a few agonizing months is just twisting the knife when you've been diagnosed with a terminally ill fetus and you have no choice but to carry it to term and watch it suffer for the rest of its short little life.
COLD

DEAD

HANDS
It was some shitty full body costume, purple/blue robe, stars etc.  Kind of like a chubby Dumbledore if he had a scary foam face.  He lived in a Holiday 'Tower' Kids were terrified of him, like existential fear levels.  
Magic carpets will put the fossil fuel industry in a tailspin!

CLEANISH COAL!
So when there's an emergency they shouldn't be advertising red Cross numbers because we've seen them a million times? Faulty as fuck logic 
WHOMST HAS AWAKENED THE ANCIENT ONE
FINAL EPISODE
*Ends with to be continued.*

Still pretty good tho.
Benatar is a good anti natalist within the AngAm tradition, but I am seeing him more as a sort of continental guy.
“Wet works at the vineyard.”
Somalia has a non-functional level of crime and corruption. Most libertarians are in support of a police force and anti corruption measures.
I feel all safe and snug.
This shit is about to drop as soon as fall asleep. I know it. *Feed it into my veins now*, give daddy his wet food.
Well he does tend to distance himself from Trump the man when he does and says certain ridiculous things. He's got to think of his career post-Trump, I suppose.
"Leave me alone, I'm parched!!"
It's fucking hilarious, I can almost hear 2 voices whilst reading it. You can see exactly where he starts and stops.
He didn't put on a warm coat like his mommy told him.
Wales will soon be like Scotland for Labour and they will become a rare species.  After this election their only strongholds will be the deprived inner cities.  All other areas will have seen sense like the Scottish and rejected them.
Jo "Light of Tolerance, Champion of Remain, Not At All Another Of The Kinds Of Mistake That Cost The Lib Dems The Elections Every Time" Swinson
Is someone refilling Sondland's cup? If not, he must be taking tiny sips.
I wonder if Traps are a tasty meat?
sweet rebuttal dude. tight, no ones got rebuttals good as you
Obligatory plug for [Rantingly ]([URL]) 
Did the faulty mic cause him to come unprepared and say tons of stupid shit too?

If they had cut his mic off completely, he would have done better.
It's if it is possible, as it is currently not possible then it's something for the future.
0 discussion about what the crime is, only talking aboit how brave and stunning warren is. Any real discussion here? Oh wait this is reddit
How about an angry Jim Jordan voice?
In other news, snow cold and water wet.
That's pretty unusual, I find librights who aren't way over to the right economically are very rare. I'm not sure either because I'm (-3, -7) so sometimes the other liblefts get mad at me and call me a shill.
Sorry but saying doggo out loud sounds realllly dumb. It doesn’t even sound cute.

Idk it just strikes me as something the cringey anime kids from high school would say.
Get that dirty Turk outta there.
The Republican strategy is to obstruct and tear down witnesses. Once the public hearings begin they’re fucked. Credible career diplomats vs Trumps idiotic nicknames. Can’t wait.
I was gonna say no but apparently they have a suspect and he's got a van plastered with pro Trump shit, so signs are pointing to yes
That is if you decide to live in silly big city with everyone else.  Which is of course reasonable to expect some work or payment for, those cities ain't cheap.  

Living in the field through homestead is free though.
Hot take: drinking mostly harms the people around the drinkers.
This is not good at all. This means that bodies of the SC are implicated in this as well right? If this doesn't get fixed soon I feel like trust in all our checks and balances are going to become extinct.
Tila Tequila got chubby
don't be silly. they don't do that, that's offensive to think they know enough about the human body to find a vein and use a syringe at the same time

they use pills now.
How much would you have to eat to be that fucking obese and a meth head?
You know what's better than tariffs at solving a trade deficit? 

Freezing government spending increases all the while dropping a lot of regulatory burdens on our markets (natural economic growth without hinderance) would allow more tax revenue to be gained.
Holy mother of fuck what an absolutely gigantic pussy.
Or are you too drunk to remember?.....
It was so calm. We were doing so well!
Oh I'm really sorry I'm pretty sure I got you mixed up with another comment haha. We're definitely saying the same things!
That website's unavailable to me (I live in the UK) can someone let me know what he said please?
Calm down Chief
I really want to go to see many places, mostly the astonishingly gorgeous national parks but I can wait a few more years for the people to sort their shit out.
And now you know why the drivers are so bad.  Wonder how many kids have been run over by this?
Good. We need Dems to actually stay and legislate in the Senate, thanks.
Man, talk about a damp squib. These people are calling themselves 'socialist' and yet they can't even bear heckling? Come on. 
Stunning article. Great journalism. So brave.
Thank you for being a principaled buisness leader with morals and a heart in the right place. It is very possible to run a successful, profitable business that takes care of it's community and employees. 

It is tragic how  large capital hinders small business from growing. Keep fighting the good fight.
It's like infinity war. All the heroes joining forces to take on a chubby guy with a weird skin color who is weirdly averse to getting up from his chair.
And it will cause a 40% drop in viewership ... unless it's mainly hot lesbians.
You have to remember that while he's a greasy con man skilled at duping rubes, he's otherwise dumber than a bag of hammers and blinded to reality by a scalding case of narcissistic personality disorder.
No fucking experience, his plans are a bunch of theoretical ppt with no pragmatic or actual ideas of implementation.

Between this idiot and Tulsi, some idiotic voters are falling for the GOP plants.
Australia is extremely obese and has better healthcare outcomes across the board.  I don't know what 'factor for economic factors' means but we're almost / are getting outperformed in life expectancy by fucking cuba.

Edited to remove personal attack
and neither am I not advocating for the conservatives just think this whole they're gonna sell the nhs to the states line of attack is ridiculous im sure there are legitimate concerns from doctors about the tories but this aint it chief
How about the automoderator shuts the fuck up? We get it. Civil discussion no witch hunting or Savage bashing. I'm about sick of seeing that green text and I'm only 29.
Lmao I remember playing halo online and everyone was just yelling n*gger at each other all the time. Calm down.
It doesn't. These low energy Jebs are just fanfictioning...
Dude you have to remember where we came from,  thousands of years of everybody starving. The age of capitalism and globalization has been reducing world poverty at a crazy rate.  We don't live a utopia but capitalism has raised the standard of living for people way more than any other system 
Mods are asleep, post your weakest memes
I also don't see the point in endlessly refreshing.  This investigation has been kept water tight so I would be suspicious of any leaked reports.  Just be patient for now.
why do we remain with a scarcity mindset? Habit and fear.

There are plenty of things that will always be scarce.  Cheap manufactured crap got cheap a while ago, but that's not going to make land cheaper.
Why isn't the fact that Trump is not a part of the Russia investigation CRYSTAL CLEAR
that's literally all they do so if that was their master plan it was an enormous waste of time
To settle scores, give experience to prominent or rising party figures, or appoint those presumed to provide loyal or satisfactory service. 
Capitalists are terrorists. Water is wet.
How could anyone be a vegetablist down there with all that delicious lamb?
This is kind of hilarious
Wait, are you saying that [URL] doesn't have impeccable journalistic standards? 
Universal Basic Income.  Automation and outsourcing coupled with high minimum wage laws have made a large part of the workforce unemployable.  We've got to do something to keep people from starving.
You dawg. Show her the guns!

(The lady behind you is delighted with your butt)
First one to yammer gets less time in the slammer?

Yours is excellent, but for sake of scansion:

 First pig to squeal gets the best ~~plea~~ deal!
How'd it get soaked? How'd It Get Soaked?!?!
Man as much as I want another reason to hate Trump, I don't know if I'm believing those quotes.  They feel like they may be factually inaccurate, but mostly from heavy editorialization.

Edit:  I was sleepy and made an error that made me look like a weird idiot.
This needs to get plastered everywhere. Good job.
Out of context pictures are so funny!!1!1!

I don't hate the girl, i feel bad that her parents are forcing her to do this.
Impeccable history? More like impeachable history.
Have you been watching the RNC at all this week? Even Cruz mentioned LGBT inclusiveness in his "One America"

LOL, HE JUST SAID "I'M PROUD TO BE GAY" and the crowed ***LITERALLY STARTED CHEERING*** so loudly Thiel become COMPLETELY INAUDIBLE on C-Span
It’s amusing how these pieces of human trash truly consider themselves the height of compassion and benevolence. 

The terminally ill aren’t even allowed to end their own lives painlessly with the help of a doctor.

BUT they love the death penalty.
Those hard working billionaires literally make all these products themselves
Biden seems angry bc he gets frustrated bc he’s aging, Bernie seems angry bc he’s passionate as fuck
I don’t think we need to worry about them anymore. Nazis and KKK are pretty much extinct, no sane, normal person is a racist anymore, which is why they’re so looked down on by society.
I'm really not sure but I don't think so because I think it has to be unique donors but I just sent out a group email asking people to donate a $1.00 and then called to friends to nail home the point and they both said they'd donate so if everyone can do that........
"now, a is not b, however b is bad because xyz, so again a is not b, but a is therefore also bad because xyz"

Seriously?

Also

[x] Nature is oppressing me

[x] I am entitled to shit because I am hungry
Everybody doesn't seem so bad now. Romney seems like a god. Fucking Ted Cruz seems palatable. 

Also, f yeah 30 rock. 
I consider myself Yang Gang but the level at which our group pushes GoFundMe to fund what many of us are already doing for free is quite concerning to me.

[Cold War Steve]([URL]) ^unverified | Reach: 207555

Bio: Enquiries please email:  -  For the latest news, subscribe at: [URL] Shop at website below


*****
^I ^am ^a ^bot. ^Any ^complaints ^& ^suggestions ^to ^/r/ContextualBot ^thanks
*"Im silly."*
The police have a shockingly small amount of training with firearms. Last time I looked into it it averaged 40 hours including classroom time and a bi annual qualification. That's it. They can receive additional training depending on what they do with their career, but the basic is very low.
There are no tiny states.  Only tiny people.

I must say, though, the distance between reality and the baseless picture you draw of me is quite amusing.
A true breath of fresh air. Highly articulate and so very insightful. Maybe she could be the spark that prompts some sleepy journalists to give up their sleazebag, scumbag ways? She has the chops+
You also forgot stunning.
MMM can nuke those with a simple majority vote, and overrule Roberts if needed with rules changes, 51 votes, that's all he needs to hold a complete farce of a trial -- Nancy needs to hold her cards tight, and she will
Shut up, you filthy
The hypocrisy of expecting a mayor to have ended systemic racism in 8 years but not expecting a man who has been elected to office for 50 years now, is ridiculous.
Exactly, in the  Ukraine  scandal, Pence's hands are just as dirty as Trump's. This trial is going to incriminate him soon enough, and those two won't be the only ones.
I know it's aggravating, but you should just comply.

Just send the $5 to the Bureau of Land Management and then apologize for the Roman slave trade and how it held back technological progress in the ancient Mediterranean world.
The only thing keeping us from immortality is big phrama and big hospital. Think about it, those industries wouldn't be able to function if people stopped getting sick.
If Andrew Neil moves into the spare bedroom in number 10 I think Boris may just be too scared to become PM.
I believe Dark Helmet said it best when he said:

"Evil will always triumph because good is dumb."

Or if you prefer, good plays by rules.
i don't think the report is going to change the narrative that much. I think the report will be unkind to Trump, but ultimately Mueller has put the onus on Congress/DOJ
The entire premise of the post is that only naughty Dems are punished, but Trump is free to do whatever.

I'm presenting the counter-point. Dem matriarchs get free passes too apparently.
The coalition of small c conservative, economically left, Labour voters and the galaxy brained, woke, ultra progressive Labour leadership was doomed to fail.
True. At least in Columbus, suburbs are pretty small and you'll actually find patches of farmland around the city. You don't even need to drive 20 minutes to be in Trump country.
This is why Trump is so pissed at the whistleblower.  He just wants to make his / her life miserable for screwing up his plans to extort Ukraine
Wow, that's rude. What I meant was, she doesn't want to be an idol, just a high school activist. And this is really smacking that in the face...

I fully support her and her fight. You seem a little angry.
We don't need taxes to fund government; we can, and should, do it with money creation. Money is kept artificially scarce.
Point i was trying to make is real info is scarce, and being hidden

Another Obamacare conspiracty theorists?
243 years old
I really like Karlan.  I also appreciate it that she sounds and looks legitimately angry about what is happening, while still remaining professional.
He is as crooked as his niece is fat.
Rent costs and commuting costs are finely balanced by a tight market. You don't win by moving out, you only decide that your commuting time is less valuable to you.
I disagree. The second is obviously best but the story in that third film is seriously underrated. It’s tremendously subtle. And the confrontation with the emperor is unforgettable!!!

And the pathos in that horrifying line delivered by Vader; “It is too late for me, son.” Wow.
Not only this, but if they are made to look like news sites and run ads, you can bet your ass dark money will be funneled to them.
This is literally my wet dream. It’s a noble cause to die for.
Love this lady. Brilliant.
 Capitalism is a useful tool, it's not a very satisfactory political ideology.

Nobody says it is a political ideology. It is no more an ideology than the weather. Both are 'things'. It just is, it is there.
This isn’t impossible to turn around for progressives but this is a really bad sign. Next debate is gonna be crucial.
Michael “Socialism now, but i got 30 mil in the bank so I can afford to stay morbidly obese” Moore. An absolute unit that lad.
Poor Saddam, poor DAESH, poor Taliban, poor however the militias were called that committed genocides in the Balkans and so on. Isocucks, GTFO.
They state in the article why they use billable hours as a criteria of performance. They state that billable hours are often discounted if not of satisfactory benefit to the client, and time spent networking/travelling/reading into cases are not included in billable hours. 
nazis thought that america was weak since it didnt its genocide, but that it laid a good foundation for how to do a genocide, the second half of which is entirely true

nazi culture was so pro-america that the state, with all its censorship, allowed american-westerns to be published and be played in theaters
also the one who has very palatable positions on social policy to a more left leaning growing electorate, and in comparison to the other runners, isn't seen as a complete twat quite yet
Stunning.

That sure is a perspective flip.
“Oh, Sorry kid. You looked like you were somewhat intelligent, I thought you were one of them damn Dems. My mistake, Go on with your stealing that cart of beer and watch out for your drunk ass whilst you’re driving home!”
Here we go....

Free speech doesn’t mean you’re allowed to not do your job as an elected official. So calm it with the “we can’t have free speech” bullshit.
Lol stingy jew? Lover of fat women? Yeah dems, you're not the party of propaganda or anything.
Wouldn't even be news if that gigantic prolapsed anus didn't run for president and get elected.
 The host on Twitter described the liquid as both "boiling" and "scalding" coffee, but didn't seem to acknowledge much pain as it was dumped on him.

He should be way more concerned about what they *put* in their coffee in Seattle because it TURNS THE FRIGGIN FROGS GAY!
poor Blumenthal lost his meaningful information talking point
Imagine being a small animal stuck inside one of her damp folds.
I’m not the only one who doesn’t find her attractive. I thought I was lol.
That’s a terrible example. The Presidency is not a right, it is an elected office for which we have set certain qualification standards.
Haha, stupid libtard. I see you haven't heard of this impeccable defense called "BUT HILLARY!!!!". 

In the eyes of people like this, you must be pro-Hillary if you are anti-Trump, not realizing there's a world outside of the US.
That meeting in Vienna is going to be awfully quiet.
sure, but you can't rehabilitate somebody who doesn't want to be rehabilitated, even in gaol

but i guess that's something of an unsolvable problem 
Great! Do you have a science advisor? I havent tead the whole ama, so forgive if repeat questions.

- What are you going to do first if elected?

- If you lose, then what?

Im happy to advise on any science related topic if it helps out. Pm no prob
I care more about results. I'm not strictly opposed to nepotism if they do a good job. Would say the same of Chelsea Clinton were Hillary to have won in 2016.
“Women are unhappy these days even though I am constantly telling them to get back in the kitchen.  It must be feminism’s fault.”
But really, how irresponsible of Puerto Rico to move to a hurricane prone spot in the middle of big ocean water, some say the biggest ocean water, which is rumored to be very wet, in terms of water.

&#x200B;

Edit: a letter.
0%.

He doesn't have that much foresight. It's possible that he does resign, but it'd be for some other reason.
It was Comey, it was Bernie, it was Putin, it was rainy. 

Literally *EVERY* excuse but them. 
Democrats hate treating states like laboratories because they're petrified that the comservative ones will far outpace liberal ones economically (see Texas vs California). Better to have a democrat federal government run everything.
Is your trust based on how often Trump's own statements were later shown to be accurate/true?  Personally I think anonymously sourced reporting has a significantly better track record, in terms of hard facts at least.  Might make for an interesting study to compare the two sources of information...
Trump, The man-child **who inherited a half billion dollar trust fund from his daddy,** and never did a hard day's labor in his life or ever went hungry (obviously), raged against refugees from Somalia.

This context is important Imho.

[URL]
Tactical voting is going to be near impossible in seats like these. Given it's currently a Labour held seat but the LDs are polling better there's no chance in hell of getting people to solidify behind a single party.
I like how you consider $10 a large donation. It means people are getting involved even on a small level, which is great.
So snug, I mean smug. 🤢
What about something like Cold Steel using their products on pig corpses and ultra realistic ballistics dummies?
[URL]
The first time is unforgettable, believe me.
It's counterintuitive, but true. The example that comes to mind is impoverished white people in the rural South. You'll often hear them day the n word, off color remarks and stuff. But then they run into their black friend that they've been cool with their entire life.
this. i'm in rural Texas now (reasons) and do anticipate coming across lifers at some point. i'll put this excellent point in my back pocket, please and thank you.
Curtis it’s 1 AM and this post is a month old what are you doing?
No one ever said Warren radicalized him. It’s just pointing out that he was left leaning. Calm down pal.
I really don’t know why they don’t just move off to the Lib Dem’s

you do [URL]'s called [URL]'s a broken system that allows full victory but at the cost of big tent parties.
good to know so many cult 45-ers are getting soaked (literally and figuratively).

they deserve to be royally fucked over by the biggest con artist in america.
Sure. Just an observation. I welcome him donating his salary - I'd be annoyed if he kept it seeing as he doesn't actually do the job he's paid for and he's already loaded.
Pointing out the fact that a country of 1 billion people, with numerous natural resources may eventually have a larger GDP than a small island of 65 million with limited natural resources isn't that amazing == xenophobia  

Impeccable Logic 
This anarchist is outing theirself as a capitalist, lib, bum as it’s clear they are saying that socialism leads to death.

And it may, but mostly the deaths of liberal counterrevolutionaries bent out of shape because they just lost their power.
Ehhhh this one isn’t exactly cut and dry
I’m a graphic designer... happy to build the files for free if somebody else buys the ad space 🤷‍♂️

Fuck Devin Nunes
Making guns such as the . 223 caliber rifle unavailable could be a start but your right . It's too big a challenge 
The two are mutually exclusive. A free society will not be equal, and an equal society will not be free.
I’m open to arguments against democracy. It’s clearly a faulty system. But why anyone would support gerrymandering is beyond my comprehension. If republicans had any respect they’d just advocate the end of popular elections all together. The average GOP supporter would be fine with it.
Cool, a downvote and no response after I answered all your questions and provided sources.

Guess you weren't interested [URL] yourself
I think she said wait a minute because they were going to skip her and she wanted to weigh in as a former special ed teacher


Snapshots:

1. drunk af getting real sad thinking ... - [[URL]]([URL]), [[URL]]([URL])



*I am just a simple bot, **not** a moderator of this subreddit* | [*bot subreddit*](/r/SnapshillBot) | [*contact the maintainers*](/message/compose?to=\/r\/SnapshillBot)
I know, but I want to know what they said about it and *how* it was bad. 

It seems like a perfect answer to me and every other article about his answer
That’s ok, I think she is fucking ugly. I’d rather vote for Trump than be hideous inside and out. 
Never understood that either tbh. Black and Hispanic populations increasing in inner cities will have zero effect on small white rural towns. And cities already vote heavily blue so it’s not like election outcomes will change. It’s just an excuse for people to be racist.
There is no constitutional obligation to provide clean drinking water.
Castor has a weird head. Mother nature did him dirty
Down right parched if you ask me.
I saw that t-shirt screenshot too.   Sick shit.    
We're on the same page for dark humor!
Even if it were that way:  The path to hell is paved with good intentions. 

If this were a murder case, he'd be the guy who shot someone in the back, later claiming it was in self defense because the victim might have had a gun.
I'm afraid you may be right. Unfortunately for the rest of us that likely means rough times ahead also.
1. Spike leftovers with laxatives.
2. Remove toilet paper from bathroom. 
3. Charge $1 for each square of paper.
[URL] an unforgettable lesson of supply and demand.
5. Profit.


In all seriousness, kick the roommate out.
Just a ploy to put fox in a better light.
What about those of us pointing out Ruffalo is a conspiracy theory nutjob who thinks GMOs are bad and that 9/11 was an inside job?
Yes, let's blame the victim.  The guy walking home from 7/11 decided to beat someone up because it seemed like a fun thing to do on a rainy evening.  /s
No matter one's personal views or beliefs about global warming/cooling/climate change, one objective is crystal clear: Money. 
&lt;obligatory moon landings are fake &lt;/obligatory /s
They weren't traditional keys I believe but rather keycards. Also the door either wasn't locked or was slightly ajar, not 100% certain which.
The threw a fit about NFL players kneeling for a symbol of freedom (for unrelated reasons) but don’t mind defaming a protector of it.  The hypocrisy is disgusting. I’m sick of sharing the world with these people. It’s just pure evil.
Just saying this "The Electoral College disappearing will stop the Republicans grossly cheating and stealing elections" thing isn't quite as cut and dry as some people make it.
YES. Picturing it gives me the warm fuzzies 🥰
Republicans/Conservatives worship police unions but hate teachers unions. 

Democrats/Liberals worship teachers unions but hate police unions. 

I always thought that was kind of funny
Fulltime! Not only does it dispense delicious cooked clucks, it triggers and gets rid of all the cucks!
 him as president in a heartbeat over Trump.

Low bar
So it's an account in the sense of being mostly historical description, not a hard analysis of the phenomena that demonstrates that white people are theoretically unique?
Big companies have more property, they  get more rights.
The tree of liberty seems parched.
Red States are better at football and being obese though. It'd be a tough one for sure.
Ok lol you clearly didn’t read the second half of my comment. I’m totally down for legalizing everything. I just think it’s a more palatable and easier argument for the clean substances 
Lmao most of you never lived during communism and neither did your ancestors, all you know is old commie propaganda, communism never worked and never will, is it so hard to comprehend? 

(btw calling yourself "tankie" unironically should be considered a sin against humanity)
Brigading is not allowed my friend.
It's hilarious. An article is in the top ten or so with the headline "Bernie Sanders Should Be Democrats' First Choice."

That's absurd.
I don’t understand; where are all the mega threads about all the offers he has pouring in???😂😂😂🖕🖕🖕
As an [URL] isn't unique to [URL]
The solution to drunk driving is harsh, unforgettable punishment. You can't stop everyone, but you can absolutely reduce deaths.
People, especially Trump’s base (uneducated, hateful, racist), cannot admit it when they’re wrong or have made a mistake. The inflated ego of the mediocre.
What a brilliant argument. That is really helpful for a discussion.
I mean we’re talking about fighting Russia and the Russian mob. Pretty low fucking bar for expectations of patriotism from even the most conservative law enforcement agencies
Thats a bit of a get out. The eurozone is hardly a trivial part of the eu.

And forming into an actual state being its solution probably makes it an unsolvable problem.
This is false equivalency. MLK would have spoken up crystal clear.

Opposing hate as a leader takes more than a soggy ambivalent tweet.
The argument still holds though. You can assume a fetus is a person and still legally deny it the use of our organs, because we are legally allowed to deny the use of our organs to our born children as well.
"To my white sisters"  


It's not just me, right?  


This totally sounds like it could be the beginning of neo-nazi screed, right?   


The way these radlibs center race is just downright creepy and evil, once you pull back the camera enough, right?
Food, water, and shelter alone are pretty awesome to have considering you could be in a spot where none of that is ever going to be yours no matter how hard you try to earn it.
SO old. So [URL] DNC
 Space in a city is scarce

[URL]'re seriously arguing that *America* will run out of *literal* room? *That's* your argument? 

Yikes. 
Load an MP3 player for her.

First track? Asleep at the Wheel's "Christmas in Jail".

Happy Holidays, corrupt hosebag.
And so you think that their implementation is even close to satisfactory in order to reach that goal?

You don't think that the concentration of wealth that has started to speed up in the 70 is going to continue in the foreseeable future?
I thought corpulent meant skinny for a long time there...
Yes "this guys" says it, as it is crystal clear that there are too many different groups and as resources get scarce, they'll turn guns to each other.
What about when

 people with terminal cancer 

can't access certain funds because they're 

 for people with terminal heart failure

only?

Not everything has to be open to everybody to the extent of reductio ad absurdum, complete removal of targeting or specialisation in order to help a specific subgroup.
Makes perfect sense that a public official could be impeached multiple times. Just like a regular criminal could be arrested more than once.
We know your real weakness now, conservatives: an attractive, feisty Latina with quirky dance moves. She cannot be bought or thwarted, you will respect her and speak about her with decency or you shall face Los chanclas de Los millions.
I’m annoyed that he’s wearing the flag on the wrong side.
That's a nice shirt

Very snug
She said the crowd backed up joes response. What crowd, I saw a gaggle of pre teens and a handfull of senior citizens. joe went low.
Their paranoia gives me a chubby. It cracks me up. 
It’s gorgeous. I didn’t know it existed. Thank you Russia for the gift and for recognizing our grief.
Delighted to be chosen as the focal point of a national police recruitment campaign...
Best way to make a large fortune is start with a small one.
Or city/county, within reason. I doubt NYC and Ithaca have the same cost of living. Even in North Carolina, a pretty balanced state, the costs are different in Charlotte, Raleigh, and Boone (small town).
This will end Trump and Biden, leaving the stage free for the other democrats... brilliant move by Pelosi and co... I must give her that.
trump didn't get enough votes last time win 

Its even more impossible for trump to get elected in 2020
Such a large majority for BoJo will likely mean we get a BRINO or Brexit-lite. The ERG have no power over him now.
Authentic people don’t usually lie about their heritage in order to seem special.
Cutting/keeping rich peoples taxes low, deregulation,  letting Capital run amok worldwide, and turning jobs into gigs is not a sustainable economic model.

Labour is a social democratic party, not a business party like the Tories. Deal with it.
Was that an inaudible "please clap" from Kamala?
I've never bought hats cause of my head size.. Last time I checked (\~10 yrs ago) a 7 3/4 size was a snug fit.
Meh, I prefers Animal Farm anyways. It has some dark comedic quality if you viewed it at a lense, 1984 is just depressing
Oh ya? Well explain how your logic works with cable companies. They are free market entities with virtually no regulation.  Because of the free market, consumers all have multiple competitors to choose from and they all of them have impeccable records of customer service and [URL] wait....
If my ultimate goal was to separate families at the border violently, I'd be giving a thumbs up too. You guys are just being so unkind to Mr. President. ^^^^/s
Same, I'd have a face-to-face with this "teacher" and tell her as politely as possible she's talking complete BS and to BTFO and if I didn't get a satisfactory response I think I'd legit lose it.
I understood /u/DQOxx's dry humor. People also often think I am being an emotionless prick, when really I'm just trying to add a little observational irony and context to my retort.

But your post was... fun anyway
Got it. Normally, when Trump or his talking heads refer to someone being unkind to Trump, they are implying that the person is being grossly or unfairly critical and biased.
People: Democrats don't stand for anything! 

Also People: Democrats need to drop the gun issue because its not politically palatable! 
You can feel as depressed as a starving kid in Africa but that doesn’t mean your living situation is remotely comparable.
Clearly the “trolls” are why Gabbard can’t poll above 5%. 

It’s a conspiracy! 

Obligatory /s
Wowzers. Very cool.
It's not about whether or not you're trojan horse republicans. Screw labels and titles. But you should think long and hard about what you're willing to gamble away because of your [faulty, imho] assumptions.
Exactly.

Combined with Putin getting revenge against her for her policies as Secretary of State. He pushed fake stories on social media that incels soaked up and regurgitated like brainless drones.
Gowdy said the FBI deserves a director "with not only impeccable credentials but also one who can unite the country as **we strive for justice and truth**." 

Is Gowdy acknowledging that the Trump-Russia investigation is legitimate?
Global famine was predicted in the 60s and 70s as well. Turns out humanity is intelligent, adaptive and innovative.
That email claiming they were all black was a single internal email in the campaign that was clearly corrected. The public release of the names and support never claimed they were all black.
Republicans are using any and every dirty trick in the book to stall and stop the impeachment process
Yup. Lots of videos of UN supply trucks, MRAPs, etc flooding into the US on trucks. Also ads for Disarmament Officers in the New York branch of the UN. my tin foil suit is all snug though
I'm tired of feeling like I need to check the news  every day.
Those Trump tweets are gonna be coming in hot on Wednesday
 You can stick around as long as you're contributing, once you've stopped, time to thin the herd.

You have described a parasitic relationship as your ideal, not civilization, which consists of cooperation.

Do you idealize parasites?
cheap and quality products

public schools

#wheeze
Nuclear power plants that can kill thousands if something goes wrong: No regulation needed.

Mildly mind-altering plant: Throw anybody who uses or possesses it in jail and throw away the key.

That's some impeccable logic right there.
Fucking puritan EU, they need to know how brilliant ^a BJ is
If you consider net worth as a measure of wealth, then a recent Harvard Medical School graduate is orders of magnitude poorer than the most destitute goat herders in Somalia.
See my edit, I had two major health crisis which set me back far. Surgery unexpectedly on your throat is not cheap.
I wish this was a thing cause I want a kid but can’t afford adoption but am also petrified of pregnancy/ labor and due to my mental illness wouldn’t be able to go through it. Maybe one day the world will be better
More than half the population consistently do not want a Tory gov.

All these opinion polls prove is how broken our electoral system is.
Scared are the ones who love the status quo.
You aren’t doing it hard enough
I bet he is taking it light on the fluids, I wonder if there is some common speaker's trick to keeping your mouth from becoming parched but also not filling your bladder.
Low energy, sleepy, old, unlikely to come out on the other side of a campaign standing.  Also, not inspiring.  Take your pick.
This subreddit is hilarious
Whoa now! Big Mike ain't gonna like that.
I still don't get why anyone would ever consent to being searched.  Just because you don't have anything to hide doesn't mean they get to see it.

Hopefully this trend continues and states that have the random stops trying to catch drunk drivers will stop, but I doubt it.
Knowing who she gets naked with, this pic would never make me hard in a million years, and it's actually pretty funny to think that right-wingers beat-off to this.
Its taken out of context constantly to say he fucked up but when bernie says something fucked up, he misspoke and his words are being twisted.
So sad. She's gorgeous. I bet her cat misses her. 

27 times by a shiv. What a terrible way to go. 
Without all of the "pothead" votes, it would be "Madam President" right now...

Think about it. We are functional, contributing members of society, despite what the swamp keeps pouring down your throat.
I generally err on the side of the democrats, but Obama's wanton expansion of the state apparatus into daily, private lives is incredibly upsetting and unsettling. 
Impressively idiotic statement. Shamelessly so, too; you almost have to admire it. 

The governor of the BoE is in charge of monetary policy. They don't set fiscal policy, and they don't have the remit to "let" or not "let" the elected chancellor implement fiscal policies
Making 560k a year is practicing what you preach? Pretty sure he could donate half of that to a good cause but then again it's his money and socialist are only generous with other people's money
Please share how they’re being persecuted or how today is even remotely similar to the 1940s.

Should they get special treatment? What are you proposing?
Are you fucking drunk?
Yeah it seems like it. I saw some on eBay but they’re being sold for ridiculous prices by scalpers. Would rather have the money go to the Yang campaign instead of some random person on eBay.
Dont get it twisted. I said non Americans getting free healthcare. Doesnt translate as getting rid of them.

Out of argument points?  We are talking about national debt and what Pelosi wants to do... dont try to bring up more arguments points that have nothing to do with the topic.. 

Lame ass progressive...
Tell me about it. I used to love Dr. Who... I tried to watch it last night and fell asleep. She’s a fail.
Don’t post your own tweets please.  Self-promotion isn’t allowed, as per the [posting guidelines]([URL])
When wealthy white people are suspected of criminal activity every imaginable interpretation of the law is exhausted prior to any action being taken. It is undeniable that our legal system is disproportionately more strict against less privileged individuals.
What is the routine in commercial wrestling? Face and something else? Are they hoping that a fight between thrm will leave one of them getting more attention?   
   
I'm fine if they really eat each other, but wary.
What a co-eenkydink! Damaged with a hammer, right? Gotta be a hammer.
In fact, when Bernie was sick we made a sticky where there was an outpouring expression of well wishes.

OP was projecting like a typical ChapoBot.
I can get implied meaning from a 1st graders writing. I don't know who or what your involvement is in writing, but your standards for "good" are quite low.
Hey, there. Standalone posts should be Pete-related as per the sub's rules. Feel free to post this in the daily thread though, as semi-related and unrelated content are welcomed there!
one thing positive about this. The republican establishment is petrified of looking bad in the news hence they act the way they act. IF breitbart can be the source on the right then they should be petrified of looking bad there as well.
If you can not respect the law, why should we respect your made up pronouns? Get bent in jail you purple haired bitch!
I'll take virtue signalling over supporting cutting funds to hospitals to kill more poor people
Wow. Just think about what you wrote. I dislike Thatcher for how she severely damaged the UK, but that’s just deplorable. It’s in such bad taste to even say that, even if it is about Thatcher. It just makes you look bad. 
Eh yeah but I don't see that as a selfish. Unless it's my money extends to "I don't care if people are starving through no fault of their own, it's their problem." But the general sense that its yours so you should keep is sound.
stunning. stunning and brave. so progressive.
Are we allowed to talk about the Trump impeachment in here? It seems like today is a big day in the trial but I'll admit I haven't been following it much, can anyone give me a quick rundown on whether this will go anywhere or not?
Go home Comeybot, you're drunk and panicking again.
A con inciting 'liberalism is a disease' fox news piece of garbage can't defend himself with words or fists. Just proof of what cowardly weaklings all cons are... thanks for posting this so it's crystal clear why the world reviles cons.


I’m just happy you got to watch Venture Bros.
To me, it just looks like she's angrily shaking her cane in stereotypical old person style. I doubt she was going for actual violence.
But reddit was telling me this isn’t possible ! Unpopular left wing leaders in easy winnable elections just like Australia.
Too busy arguing about what the rich and poor are getting
Isn't it nice climate alarm scientists have 'adjusted' past temperatures to make our world a warm and pleasant place today?

After decades of research and hundreds of billions spent, the only area in which climate science has made great progress in is data tampering.
I don't know, New Zealand and Denmark seem pretty clean. I think they've been topping the corruption perception index for a while now.
I know better than to bet in favor of an old drunk.
“Atheism is bourgeoisie” is a flaming hot take lol
This is what I have concluded.  They exploited all the tools that they would normally use to dig themselves out of a bad situation.  They used those tools for short term profit instead of saving them for a rainy day.  And here we are.
But wait 


Chocolate is from South America and cows are from Europe and India. Following this person’s twisted logic hot chocolate is cultural appropriation as well.
And here’s the video of Trump’s testimony. 

Oh wait. That’s right he didn’t cooperate and obstructed the investigation in 11 individual and documented ways. 

rEpUbLiCaNs ArE sO tRaNsPaReNt

[Here’s the Mueller report]([URL]) since you obviously haven’t read it
I'm admittedly unaware of most of her entire history and career since I don't follow. That sounds pretty fucked up. Was she financially destitute before becoming famous?
Sleep snug, smug
If you say so Joe.  I’m happy to comply.

[Fabian Picardo]([URL]) ^verified | Reach: 25624 | Location: Gibraltar, Europe.

Bio: Chief Minister, Gibraltar Socialist Labour Party. Lawyer. Husband. Proud father of TWO beautiful boys & a gorgeous little girl.


*****
^I ^am ^a ^bot. ^Any ^complaints ^& ^suggestions ^to ^/r/ContextualBot ^thanks



Huh? I'm against killing babies. I don't like that they die in other ways, either. This way is pretty cut and dry though.
Click on the link of the unavailable tweet, and you get: "Account suspended  -
This account has been suspended. Learn more about why Twitter suspends accounts, or return to your timeline."
Good, now take care of the remaining 55%, and while hes at it we should stop issuing 100% of all non-tourist visas.
The labor markets are an excellent example of information asymmetry causing market inefficiency (see the infamous graph of productivity vs wages)
I live in John McDonnell’s constituency which is right next door and what I can gather from people locally are angry that boris shat the bed in regards to Heathrow but ultimately he’s probably gonna still keep his seat
Give the guy a break. He's exhausted from all the winning. 
Not too surprising given the pushback against direct democracy from people unhappy about the EU referendum outcome.
Soviets were power hungry as hell, I don't think invasion was off the table.
She's downright hideous. Where did this myth that she's somehow attractive come from?
Yes, yes it can be. There is a very good reason why the founding fathers hated the idea of pure democracy. 

Your rights are subject to the will of the majority. How does that sound?
There is no date on this article. Is this headline recent?  It doesn’t take away from the stunning number of child rape victims. I was just curious if these numbers were published this year? Hopefully there will be more done to end this atrocity with the recent shift in government.
Like, why is this even worthy of its own article? Vice readers already know that Republicans will engage in the biggest, ugliest, most transparent hypocrisy if it means they get a win. Are we supposed to be shocked and outraged? Because I moved past that long ago.
It’s not a critique it’s a healthy observation. The kid is small as fuck especially for college. Looks like he’s 12. It’s healthy to hit the gym and get some weight on. Not doggin in the kid for being skinny. 
I'm waiting for him to tweet something like "If you know any dirty libs, kill them! They want us dead!" Or something like that. 

I'm very much hoping that this is not something that happens.  I'm a lone non-republican in house with 3 avid Trump supporters.
There couldn’t be a more perfect photo for a Headline than this one lol.
I'm just so fucking tired on this embarrassing shit everyday
The electoral college made sense back when the population of some states was closer to 0, but it's fucking 2019 and we have a shit ton of people in almost every state. Calculating a states worth vote-wise via an ancient system is fucking bonkers
When I had night shift work my redditing hours would always be spent when most people were asleep, it happens. I was always more interested in receiving comments back over votes anyhow, it's easier to discuss a comment 😉
Fuckton of coals super high heat on each side for like 2 minutes.


In between rare and medium rare, literally perfect steak.
Oh but I bet he did, just not by a fat intern.
Why do Republicans do fucking nothing but talk?
Anyone else getting sick and tired of them just talking and doing absolutely fuck all obviously they are all implicated in one way or another as well the only person we can trust is Trump
Nah, we have plenty of delicious taco spots that serve fish. Thx
Hmmm. Are you, too, incorrectly presuming I was mocking someone in my original post? Or am I violating some other ill-defined standard of decorum here? 

In at least  this specific instance it seems you need to be more clear about identifying my transgression if my future posting behavior is to be more satisfactory.
Hideous hag!
Appreciate the effort post. I'll read up. 

Just kind of wary of any web activism against a charity after the goodwill kerfuffle. 
Awww, you're such a sweetie. I guess you gotta study what liberalism is first before arguing with the educated ones here.

[URL]

Start with this.

Edit: Free food is not a right according to liberals even if the person is starving to death.
It's literally what you are arguing for so it's not inept.

You are just happy to dump you trash on Syria because.... the people there are already suffering?
Yeah well civil servants would vote for a Liberal if it was a damp sock.
Woah that’s unsettling 
Will the people involved still be filthy rich afterward?
It would look like a chubby Korean guy walking into a prison and talking to Trump through glass.
Can you name single a well adjusted, happy, honest 'feminist icon?' No? Then just admit it. Feminist icons are all toxic waste.
Yes, I think living people up for using weed, then starting our investing in weed start ups is fairly cut and dry.
So we have Democratic candidates actively supporting deporations of those that have exhausted all their appeals?
Awesome pics. Great size. Look thick. Solid. Tight. Keep us all posted on your continued progress with any new progress pics or vid clips. Show us what you got man. Wanna see how freakin' huge, solid, thick and tight you can get. Thanks for the motivation.
Deep down he’s annoyed he didn’t think of the scam first. He won’t admit it though.
Some commie FB group I'm in got real pissy when I said that fat people aren't healthy. Imagine being a radical leftist and thinking overconsumption is great.
Would you say it's bad luck for someone to be born black?
I think this will be a most satisfactory arrangement for master [URL] take to secret neoliberal banker cabal to deliberate
I don't want to help the environment unless it is as cheap as what went before it or has advantages in other areas.  
  
If people want to virtue signal, let them go ahead.
Well, at least we know that your logic processing unit is badly damaged and causing you to live in a perpetual state of hallucination.
Damn, that finish on the wooden stock is gorgeous.
Oh that’s stunning, is it?
Hard to crash a party if you're invited in nicely.
Alone and miserable on public transit...I wonder why? 
Rtfa: no laws were broken, they're allowed to call. Further, their property was indeed damaged. As much as I dislike defending racists, they should not be arrested.
Isn't it a crime?

Yes, it's a felony. Falsification of documents, minimum 1 year in prison, most likely more given the horrific results of the falsification.
So am I, but I was saying the lesser of *two* evils. This is in the possible situation in which Biden wins the nomination. If our candidate loses the nomination and we sit out the general, then we would still essentially just be a vote for Trump if Trump wins in 2020.
Oh good god. I’ve a lot lately. Let’s wait til the beginning of the month when i get paid. Pleas, my family is starving
Voting for Trump to trigger the left.
Real intelligent.
But there was a backlash to friedan's claim housewives were miserable. A Gallup poll from the same time she started writing her book found 96% of women happy being a housewife.  Even Friedan herself wasnt a miserable housewives because in reality she was a freelance journalist for leftist publications
Scalding take: the evangelical movement is just the stereotyped outcome of Jews trying to take over the world
Fecker is dangerous. I lived in Turkey for years. Gorgeous country, amazing people, but I knew what was coming and got out.
I appreciate that. But many here were very loud. Many here spread rumors. I see no contrition. I do not even see anyone laughing at his own foolishness. 


Seriously, if people fell for this, is there anything they will not believe?
I dont watch the show but there was a lot of odd whispering during the clips I have seen. I found it hilarious!
Funny enough, I feel like the best criticisms of trump have been from his former staffers.
b-but muh sleepy sessions and muh reeeeesist
Yea, I hate branding in general.  Its tough but I try and find things without some company logo plastered on it.
He declared himself man of white people. And poor white people don't consider themselves poor. So he's still on brand.
It’s very important to understand this was hot diarrhea
 The left and their media 

Your lack of education is palatable.

U'r dum dim duffus.

I tried both.  I'm not sure what your primary language is.
This is ridiculous. No one of power or actual influence in the GOP or even Democrats pushed this in any real way. I feel like this is just clickbait and it sucks. I want to see Trump disappear too but this is just silly BS. How is this the top post?!
And since she was core to the Dem cover up, it seems imperative that her 'testimony' is viewed as a way to get in front of the damning allegations. This is/has been their MO from the beginning. Getting tired of the lack of law enforcement and constant he said/she said, evidence be damned.
Name one thing I've said about BS that is a ridiculous claim?  One.  I'll wait.  You can't argue with what I've said,  so you're deflecting.  You lose.
Right, that's why I said I'd be interested to see a plan.  I sincerely doubt that anything floated by this WH or Congress will be palatable to me, but I'll listen.
aww, very cool for you to do this  you should vlog your experiences!
????  I find it difficult to understand people who think otherwise.  But hey, its always possible that your superior intellect gives you insights that are just unavailable to common people like me......
[**In  the beginning of a change the patriot is a scarce man, and brave, and hated and scorned. When his cause succeeds, the timid join him, for then  it costs nothing to be a patriot.**]([URL]) 

[**Mark Twain**]([URL])  
You have no idea what you're talking about. California's not perfect, but it's prospering.
Micro brain. Tiny. If you can't follow a conversation go to the hole you came from. Stop trying to point score and get to your idiotic talking points in that other morons have sAid a thousand times and actually take in what I'm saying.
My personal commitment to you, my fellow Americans, and vladim-wait it says don't say that one out loud
I'm not sure it *is* that dangerous. It's a difficult one to articulate in a snappy soundbite or, for that matter, without a bar chart. It's something that has the appearance of a geeky technical detail that most people glaze over when it comes up.
Unfortunately, the Maverick's Spine was unavailable for comment.
Is that you Malthus?  LOL.  They may become unavailable but not in either mine your your lifetimes.  
An affidavit for an arrest warrant says the officer found the door ajar

[URL]

Edit:  Sure, downvote facts that don't fit your narrative.  Real mature.
Why just tipsy?
He likes Yang, but he's been rather quiet about who his candidate of choice is.  I just know from talking with him in person that he loves Yang's debate performances.

Dr. Graham likes a good debater :P
There is a full audio book on YouTube for free. I just starting it today. Impeccable timing. Great listen
When did Vox and the rest of mainstream media become just another conspiracy theory. His voting record and political career as mayor and city councilman are far from spotless.
Yep. Some people just need to protest something. 

You would figure people who haven't accomplished anything yet would have a little humility and put aside their own impeccable morales to listen to some highly successful people. 
They called 2 hours before blowing the bomb so they could evacuate the mall. I honestly don’t know about the barracks, I’ll look it up. 

I get you but they are still the cops who make me scared when I drive my car wich haves a Basque plate.
Honestly, I regret bothering to post.

Excellent. Have a great day.
Your purity tests will just give us a second term Trump. 

Man has spent BILLIONS he had no obligation to spend on pollution and environmental causes, and thats where you want to focus your attack? That he didn't find the in hindsight perfect investment targets for it?
How about one? We could give them a special hat like a crown or something..
They found some filthy invaders cool
There are different levels of libertarianism. 

Moderate libertarians are okay with government having some special privileges, just not nearly as many as they have right now. 

Some libertarians think the government shouldn't have any of the privileges at all, and Ancaps think there should be no government at all.
I need a business card that says mediocre white person. 
Oh how I love this! Gorgeous sassy fellow lady pede!
I was commenting to a specific comment about the views that were expressed and wording.  It wasn’t my view on white flight in its entirety. I’m sorry that you felt I was being simplistic on the topic as a whole.
Nice in the dark cut there PBS
The anorexia comparison is the best argument to take down transgenderism.
If there's a girl who weights 90lbs and she suffers because she's convinced that she's obese, you don't encourage her and give her a gastric bypass.
Okay so by dirty tactics I mean political manipulation. I dont advocate for violence. Put them into insane asylums, prisons, condemn them at their work, make their life miserable. But don't hurt them if they never did any physical harm.
I was hoping to see at least one person who watched this video without bias and didn't let the editor of the video itself manipulate your opinion. The officer's words were definitely twisted.
White people arent gonna vote out a president with low unemployment
[Still has ol' Sleepy Catson, as long as he stays quiet and out of sight]([URL])
And have the word "News" plastered everywhere. I don't get how one can call themselves "news" and in the same breath say they're not news.
I find it hilarious how British people talk about every part of the UK that isn't London as if it were essentially Cleveland
"he doth engaged in carnal relations with actual and filthy refuse, until whence came the day of reckoning when foul worms emerged from thine dickhole (a likely outcome, of the before discussed rubbish pounding)."
Know that this person is profoundly upset a large portion of the day and they live in agony. Don't take the bait. Don't get angry. Live your life well.
That's currently. 55/45 without the SNP Campaigning machine starting up.

It's impossible that support wouldn't gain if they started.
 [URL]

Doesn't say how many were starving in 1819

 Stop blaming the problems that communism causes on capitalism

Why? Are you for real saying the US *didn't* interfere with the USSR, Venezuela and Cuba?
Free speech would necessarily allow nasty disgusting people to say their nasty disgusting views.
Imagine being so pea-brained you have to remind yourself not to vote along the lines of identity. These people are holding back progress through their misguided wokeness. And I fear permanently damaged the American concept of democracy, turning it into another form of social media.
 I'm hearing from a senior Tory source that Lab supporters are stood outside polling stations with huge, angry red bears threatening voters up and down the country.
Man, I tried that female snapchat filter... I am not an attractive woman. The hair really wasn’t doing it. 

The male filter just made my jaw comically square and makes it look like I went 3 whole days without shaving. Not a huge improvement
She must be taking money from the DNC, no sane person would be that idiotic for free.
It's getting more and more difficult to meet with decent people.
Fantastic example of how someone can be brilliant in one field but terrible in others.
I hope the same realisation happens across the country. Good luck on the 12th Greg and top work for opening yourself to questions & scrutiny today. Seems to be a rare commodity these days.

Beeston pub-wise, still a bit gutted that the White Lion shut.
I’m just being an ass. State Street Brats is fine, but I would have went to Dotty’s, Tipsy Cow, or the Old Fashioned.
What if I told you that skinny and sensitive guys get laid all the fucking time
A little too rainy for my taste, but I visited Seattle just a few months ago and thought it was great!
It was the most perfect conversation. Everyone says so.
I realize that, but I don’t know where they’re basing the assumption that they’re “special”.
This is a ridiculous lie being pushed by the right wing Atlantic council
I would buy it that sounds fucking delicious
The "hillbillies" are more than happy to forget about the city dwellers. Fuck that argument.
Only certain states allow vote by mail, some also allow absentee voting but your vote may not be counted unless there is a recount if you vote with an absentee ballot. Some states require you to have proof that you're out of state or unavailable for voting to be sent an absentee ballot as well... 
Ignoring the fact that gang rape predates the migrant crisis, you have not explained what a satisfactory solution is, therefore it's a fallacy to critique the EU on this. 
There was an internet poll, Dr. Moderate’s hypothesisand a computer model predicting a +2 to +3.

It’s the fact that they’re so tight despite conflicting methodologies, and my own damn optimism, that makes me feel there is something in it.
Their plan seems too obvious and too transparent, were they too arrogant about the unity of the opposition, or the strength of their position? Or have we just activated Cummings' trap card? 

That being said, the government seemed deflated yesterday, BoJo seemed teary at some points.
I didn’t say they were unsolvable, but if you want to advance the cause you do need to deal with it and have answers on hand. 
It came out 2 years ago. I never saw it because YouTube picked it up the distribution rights and then canned it. It got pretty mediocre reviews anyway.
Once upon a time, a president asked another country to investigate an American

Biden is doing dealings in another country. If its nothing illegal why get scared? 

What are the bidens hiding?
No, it says "Tropical Storm force winds".

That's not the same thing.

Edit: the color image clearly shows that the prediction for that tiny corner of AL is 5%.

[URL]
So the opposite is true right? If youbare scalding trump shouldnt you have been chanting lock her up? Hypocrisy can work two ways
Pretty much yeah. Also one was corrupt while a public servant while the other was corrupt while a private businessman, which at least leaves the door slightly ajar that he might not be corrupt in public office. Slightly.
Were your 3 years in Montreal prior to the Quiet Revolution?
[URL]
It really was a classic Sanders performance where he reminded me why I support him above the rest of the field. On message, unflappable and positive. This is the Sanders that I want anyone who is on the fence to see.
Especially since it's only funny when Nancy -- or as I call her, Nancy -- is doing it literally. 

/s because it's obligatory anymore
We all know the answer is none. We also know that they profit from these attacks because it becomes fodder for their even more authoritarian policies that can only become palatable when the masses are whipped into a frenzy.
Tulsi I disagree with bit she seems like an intelligent adult at 38 while the 70 years olds yell and scream “free stuff! Racist, guns!!!”
Bernie is still an older white guy. A lot of people will write him off based on between one and three of those things.
This democracy is broken. The fact that we can’t do anything about this as swiftly as lawmakers can goes to show you how inefficient this whole system is. Only a small group of participants are taking advantage of the intentional convoluted design of the system to push their agendas.
Believe in something, even if it means your butt falling asleep from sitting on a metal bench.
When moving goal posts becomes too difficult, simply blow them up.
Well his lawyer is alleging a violation of the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act... so I guess he's giving Corsi a run for his money on whose reputation is going to be more damaged...
I think the realization that they're losing the light red suburbs and they've been steadily losing women voters for about four years means they are not enthused to have a calm intelligent woman on the stand today.
Boris, your penis is really tiny. And it has nothing to do with you living in a shack in Siberia
And this indicates a thriving economy. This Kool aid is delicious.
We should arm terminally ill people, bus them to wealthy neighborhoods and let the chips fall where they may.
They were all hit with the same ugly stick.

Same one that hit Maxine Waters, Camel Harris, Nancy Polution to name a few. Oh and Whoopie Goldflake.
Liberation theology really needs to get loud again
That's perfect.
It's a definition. The justification for defining a word a certain way is just saying you're defining it that way. And it even lines up with common usage.

Rawls isn't talking at all here about a state of nature, or a permanent government. You keep adding things in.
Of course, it would be a new [URL] likes of which the world has never seen. A bigly beautiful condition that only one person has ever had because it’s so rare
how is being annoyed that someone didnt take any initiative to actually look into the event further before making hypotheticals while expecting others to do the work, "mob mentality"??
 Just Russian agents stealing Intel

Even Fake News CNN isn’t claiming this.  What kind of crack are you smoking, big chief?

Don’t forget to put on your tinfoil hat extra tight or Russian agents can read your brainwaves! 😂
Not really.

Doors ajar in this case refer mainly to WH cover up efforts. That's important foundation.
That's because Israel handled it all "wrong." 

Instead of working hard to integrate Mizrahi/Sephardi refugees, Israel should have set up a permanent refugee camp for them with miserable conditions, and then loudly complain about it for decades and decades.   (/s just in case)
Not the content since the quarantine.
This is the same home office that didn't veto the immigration of the new EU citizens as Germany and and others did and allowed their freedom of movement from the start?
 The thing about Bernie is even if you don't agree with his politics you know he's able to work with others and find a compromise that's palatable for most people.

That's the opposite of what he's known for though. He is notoriously difficult to work with.
the work for McKinsey that makes up 20 percent of his entire career

This actually made me laugh out loud. It was three years!
Over 42% of the 400 were white? Please A Pete fan shed some light on this, now don't use the generic name excuse, in South Carolina you have to register your race and this list was run through the voter file, that's how they uncovered this
"Hungry familys" =  lazy generations of drug dealing families in my area.
To the tune of "unforgettable"

Undependable, in every way.
Undependable, that's how he'll stay.
I understand that economics is not a hard science. I think I do understand economics. 

It is also because the slogan of Yang is #math....
The interview didn't give her a chance to come out spotless, but Anderson failed to call her out for lying about "overheating".
Republicans need to be rendered extinct for the survival of man kind
We stuck with him and I'm glad it shows in the crowd turnout. I didn't really want him to run again but most of that was because I was mentally exhausted and horribly disappointed from 2016, but it took like a day to get back onboard and I'm glad I did. 
He's running on getting money out of politics, and lowkey I think Steyer is a dark horse that is going to surprise people in the long run.

Plus most of his success in polls comes from the TV ads he runs.
Oh I know it works differently and I'm not suggesting it's some unsolvable morass, I just find the complete lack of serious budget talk very interesting from these jokers. 
Most gun people I’ve spoken to talk shit about Trump’s gun policy. They hate it. Just check out a pro gun sub. They talk shit about Trump’s idiotic gun stance.
I’ll take self driving cars over regular cars any day. I like driving, don’t get me wrong, but there are times when I’m exhausted and I just want to relax.
The ability to identify dry wit as humorous is lost on sooo many people. You need to have a few brain cells to understand it. And let’s look at the intellectual capabilities of the right-wingers.... they don’t want no mo’ fancy book-learnin’!
Well, young men commit the most rapes, murders, robberies, and assaults. So yeah, I can understand why dads are a bit scared.
man that's depressing... it's unavailable now... darn you jeff bozos for cutting off the guac bowl merchant emperor....
The fun part of this is that Castor will likely struggle just as badly with minority counsel questioning him.
No idea what this post means but she’s very attractive
So fat ass give up some of that food money they are starving because of all their oil money
Forgot to mention the giant chip on her shoulder,  the leather like skin and her very attractive snarl... oh yeah, men are eating their hearts out
I'd be wary too of negotiating with a madman.
McDonalds should be stopped from targeting fat people with their processed food.
The best possible person in the now has good judgement.  Joe's track record strongly suggests his judgement is poor.  

There are other candidates who don't have Joe's extensive baggage.  Better choices.
If this is all true, you will be better off without them, rather than right now with them in power.  It will set yet another example of how much people lie and hopefully we can learn from it.  Another conservative party will form, and the word republican will become extinct
Fox news calling it "impeachment fever". Yes we are sick with Trump. 

Also heard it's going to hurt people's Christmas. 

Such trash.
Yes?  Because 80% of our homicide uses guns.  Take that away and we’re about the same level as the U.K.

I’d be happy with total homicide rates too, but gun owners haven’t proposed a way to do that while keeping the number of guns we have.
yessssss :) (gorgeous country - both places)
Cool excuse
Not sure what gives me more of a chubby, your content or your [URL]
I only listen to it when I've exhausted all of my podcasts or when I am curious about what the crazies are saying. Thanks though!
"I like to eat impeaches with my grassroots! Very healthy, very cool."
I’m pretty sure anyone, individual or organization, could have sued, presented the same argument, and won (assuming they have the resources to follow through, like Buzzfeed News apparently did). Public records are supposed to be open to anyone from the public who requests it.
I’m not mad, surprised, embarrassed, annoyed, or willing to engage with people who defend him anymore.

I’m numb, Donnie. You win.
The fact that you said "grainy video," when there are perfectly fine, crystal clear videos available is exact;y why I said "never mind." You haven't looked at anything, so I don't need to discuss it with you.

Good day.
A person's environment is what creates them, we don't choose who we are. It's not difficult to understand.
 I think adequate access to higher education for all people helps the economy

I always hear this, yet no one seems to be able to prove it.
But "adequate" care is very subjective, for instance, and there are no mandates (AFAIK) that require unethical behavior to be reported by witnesses (the other employees).
I'm mediocre at golf, but could be really good if I played more.

In my mind I'm mediocre at creating wealth (despite making over 6 figures).

I think you are on to something, and I'd love for you to figure it out so you can tell me!
What did they mean that the "fair and objective" Western media has been smearing China with fake news? Boy, this never happened ever. (snickers)

We also know US organizations such as the NSA/CIA/FBI and places like Gitmo are such spotless paragons of justice, morality and ethics to judge China by.
WELCOME WELCOME to Last Week Tonight!

I'm John Oliver, and we begin with President Trump, two words that still sound like rejected Cards against Humanity answers, like "Bicycle dicks" and "Tasty Taco Bell".
I feel like he was just pointing out your faulty logic. 
Not only that, but the idea of productive capitalist endeavors like that is also a tired meme. Most of the money is Madeira Wall Street  on high speed stock market transactions, currency exchange, etc. Literally money earning you money (without even a significant risk). Just be rich already...
Hoping Trump is intelligent enough to see the win in now coining "congressional harassment".
Yes indeed.  A clean coal joke.


Snapshots:

1. you dirty fucking hogs - [[URL]]([URL]), [[URL]]([URL])



*I am just a simple bot, **not** a moderator of this subreddit* | [*bot subreddit*](/r/SnapshillBot) | [*contact the maintainers*](/message/compose?to=\/r\/SnapshillBot)
decline the card it isn't difficult
It should not disqualify her.

The gross incompetence displayed, however, should be considered by voters when they go to the polls. And, as hungry as her opposition is for attack-ad fuel, will most likely be plastered everywhere possible to remind them.
It's unforgettable. Never have I seen so many slurs hurled at other reactionaries. I don't think they lasted a day.
Yeah but Pete is losing to Delaney in terms of black support according to this poll. That is uh not great
Canadian right wingers are actually fucking brilliant - turned people against carbon tax
I function strictly in reality, not so much you who is happy to have a vile animal as potus, you might as well leave your tiny head and mind in your ass.
You are thinking small.
I got up at 5 AM to vote and walked 40 minutes because im a college freshman with no car. it was freezing lol but i voted Romsters
I feel attacked

 Man Lying On Couch Covered In Thin Layer Of Cheeto Dust Refers To Favorite Sports Team As 'We'


[URL]
Or if everyone votes someone else, they get a majority and the Tories don't. Simple as.

As far as I can see, not so many people are happy with the Tory/Labour thing. But by voting for one of those two, you only perpetuate it.
Well, pretty much anywhere it's damp can be moldy.
Rich and poor being relative terms - it would be rather difficult to argue that today's poor aren't much better off than the rich not too long ago.
The same Austria that actively worked as part of a coup attempt against DJT? AUS and the UK can get bent. No need for US taxpayers to carry them any longer.
They brought in someone who doesn't support Trump, to say how ridiculous this impeachment process has been.

And he's nailing it...

So yeah, this probably is the best they could get today.
to full on open grifting
Sometimes you have to get black out drunk and then wake up in a puddle of your own piss and vomit to remind yourself that being a grownup means acing responsibly.

America just woke up on the floor of our apartment surrounded by empty bottles of tequila and feeling damp...
Paul's way of speaking is the same as the drunk Nancy Pelosi is.
***WHY*** is this proven bad faith, right-wing extremist propaganda source whitelisted?

Never mind: just saying out loud, the answer is self-evident.
Exactly, its so transparent they are trying to change the narrative. If I ever bring this up with my Fox watching friends they will just keep repeating there is no quid pro quo so its not illegal.
Yeah, I'm really hoping that Alex Jones gets his show back on the major platforms. I'm not a fan of him at all, but the hypocrisy here is pretty stunning. 
Only our most brilliant scientists could have used their immense intelligence to think of this marvelous method to repurpose waste. Our country truly is a wonderful place to live in. All hail our Glorious Leader.
Didn't some washed up actor guy pretend two white guys wearing MAGA hats beat him up and soaked him in bleach? Then it turned out it was 2 Nigerian body builders in white face then the media buried it and called the dude a hero?
Wonder what would happen if this was posted to /t_d but I’m too scared for my own sanity to go there
Like how millions of people are starving to death in America and how news outlets cannot have negative views of the government? Get the fuck out of here with that communist bullshit.
I think they'll be actively working on it for another 50 years before it's something anyone wants to spend the enormous amount of money it would require to do it for very little gain other than "look, a picture of a person on Mars guys."
LOL Kevin Costner finally endorses his “Perfect World” Co-star 

[[URL]]([URL])
It's all good. The intentions are pure.
You folks did a bang up job shaming trump when he was in town- I think we yanks are so exhausted our creativity is sapped
Thought you said [Hayley Williams]([URL]).

Nearly fired up Rightmove.

Also, happy cake day!
How many chariots you need to conduct ancient Chinese warfare is surely relevant in today’s age. In all seriousness if you want to learn military strategy for some reason, you’d be better off with Clausewitz and Liddell Hart.
Ya so Scotland goes independent and rejoins the [URL] begging the EU really. So guess what Scotland? You get the next 2 million refugees the EU wants to use to diversify the demographics of your country.

Say goodbye to Gingers mate, they will be extinct in 10 yrs if this happens.
can confirm. watched on TV and besides a few shouts here and there (which were inaudible), i thought the hillary and USA chants were great... didnt even realize that they mightve been to overcome hecklers
I still think about poor Susan every fall.
May be you should discuss with him when he is a bit tipsy ...
I would just die. Also your username is hideous. But back to the main point, if NYT continues with this year's trend and drops an even bigger story tonight, this could be the beginning of the end
He will physically be a ballot, a unique approach to voter outreach.
They hate America! And they are obviously balding! And they broke the tanning bed because they are morbidly obese!
So you say he’s obligated to testify against himself with some faulty evidence and a case with Mueller that was dismissed with no confirmation of collusion with Russian spies?
NATO needs to unanimously suggest to Trump that if he's unhappy with how much the U.S. is spending, it is entirely within his power to spend less.

Trump is doing the equivalent of complaining about the cost of gold plated cars when everyone else is being practical.
OMG this is brilliant - that explains my tingling Thank you Pede!
How is it idiotic if it's true? Owning guns is a last line of defense against a fascist regime. If a fascist regime were to come to power in Australia, they'd be fucked. If Trump is a fascist, why are we giving away our last line of defense?
I learned more about life and my own country by watching this five minute “joke” than any history class. “It’s called the American Dream because you gotta be asleep to believe it.”
He'll improve with time. My wish is that he work on varying the melody of his sentences. He descends to inaudible frequently. 
Tell you what, lock yourself in a cage for 40+ days with no shower, you only get to eat baloney sandwiches, your loved ones are taken away from you, any medicine that you need is unavailable, and you can't lay down and let me know that it's not torture
They wear masks to hide their petrified faces when consequences hit them back.
That article was pulled and republished and was unavailable to everybody because they changed the url. Yes they showed them trying to access it with a swedish vpn, but they didnt need to because the URL didnt work for anybody. It was a joke. 
His mind races from the damp.
With single parents there’s often an opposite sex role model though. I have personal experience with this with being raised by a single parent. I would put a single parent above a same sex couple as far as socialization goes even though it is much more difficult to accomplish.
God I hate that snug grin he has
It’s not just this account. This same exact comment is being plastered by others. It’s an attempt to obfuscate
#DRY.

AND THEN BLAME YOU FOR THE BLOOD ON THEIR SHAFT. "You stupid fuckin SLUT!"
I have to argue for the mining industry and a classmate sent Milton Friedman videos to the groupchat --- busts fat nut

Edit: I have to argue from a liberal perspective
I say chap, he really has dropped a clanger, a damp squib if you will. In rebuttal to the first distinguished gentleman I offer the advice of leaving the festival for seasoned meats to the bourgeoisie.
For the love of god, Collins.  Who ordered to investigate the phone numbers? It came up within the investigation, as part of the process!  It's like asking who orders you to read the notices that come in to your office on a daily basis?  It's a ridiculous question.
It's obvious why they omitted talking about poor staff retention, because they don't want to admit their failures whilst in government.
I hope someday the people who support her realize the enormous amount of damage she's done to the United States.
Sweetie nothing was in good faith. You’re sickly transparent but you playing the victim is exactly what you were looking for...
When Sleepy Ben wakes up, he is going to shock the shit out of all of us with his incredible, well-rested brain.
You seem intent on debating—and in ways that don’t seem to be helping answer the OP’s question. We do that at r/DebateAnarchism. If you want to learn about our “twisted ideology,” you might be better off just reading a bit more. More arguing probably will get you banned.
[Obama and Kerry were unable to get Abbas to compromise]([URL]), I don't see Trump being able to do it. The status of Jerusalem is unsolvable.
The large amounts of dodgy cash coming in, and the breeches of electoral law, are not  purely "internet" things.

it's not impossible to make Facebook play ball either, if there is a will to.
I couln't get through it, it just annoyed me.  Hard to expain, just had an annoying quality about it.
So you can find sources for fake things but can't find anything that is real and we'll documented? Perfect, it sounds like you are ready to vote for Sanders or Warren!
Literally doing Russia's dirty work.
Lol Trump called Trudeau “two-faced.”

It’s funny because he was caught talking bad about Trump behind his back, and also of course wore black-face.
I think Yugoslavia just looked good in the context of the rest of the Eastern Bloc. Though it would have been interesting to see what would have happened if Đilas's party would have broken up Tito's government even more, it might have been well near another revolutionary Catalonia.
Thing about how much our fucking country sucks, at its core, when our futures all rest on the shoulders of these fucking cretins.  I mean, by definition, that means we are a deeply DEEPLY damaged society.
It's a big club and you ain't in it
Gee, that's really homophobic language. Not that i'd expect anything less from an angry democrat.
You say that, but people are still defending the Confederates that tried to destroy this country so they could keep enslaving black people.
I mean, he lost the popular vote. Why is everyone so surprised that these large subreddits are left leaning by a majority?
Because he has to appease the cult of Brexit despite sensible people knowing its all fucking ridiculous that we've wasted 3 years and fuck knows how many billions on this now
Make it a hug, and a tug from your girl.  I don’t mind giving the chubby girls some love too.
EURP- EU remain party, sorted.

BEURP- same as above starts but starts with British and sound memorable because we find burps funny.
So for them this would be a bad move.

&#x200B;

I really thought it was that the West needs China
His political side has not been satisfactory for us to say the least....
If the House representation was closer to proportional to the population and wasn't gerrymandered up the wazoo, the Senate's small state lean would be much less of an issue.
He's a parched blank slate. I don't think he would have matched up well against either of the Democrats
Inaudible over the constant drone of neoliberalism. We mustn't make the mistake of considering ourselves 'above' others and at an intellectual high ground. Rather than being angry, I feel sorry for them and their lack of education. It's something we have to change
It's not like anyone was looking for volunteers to suck Trump off either. She came up with that all on her own.

Edit: so apparently it's someone else who volunteered her. Not cool guys, not cool.
After carefully examining the subject, if the label fits, wear it.  Until she demonstrates otherwise by her actions she is a snug fit for that brand.

And also not refuted.
It's not like I claimed to be memorable either 
Buddhism and communism don't really mix well. The doctrine of karma more or less works justification for hierarchy into the metaphysics of the world itself. And buddhism basically believes that the world's problems are unsolvable, so you just have to detatch yourself from it to cease being born back into it.
Incoming noob question, Is it possible for a president to be re-elected after they have impeached?
Even a broken clock is still right twice a day. What this university employee did is reprehensible and is literal racism. Do you deny that?
I think the religion needs reform or extinction.  Like so many evil ideologies long gone extinct.  
You guys need to chill out making fun of Michelle Obama he’s a nice guy and has a nasty hook shot.
Oh poor little jeremy- you're right that was such a horrible thing to say, must have really hurt his feelings so much!
Strict gun law state

Guy with history of PTSD

Used a 44, not an AR-15 "Scary assault rifle"

Used an illegal extended mag.

No wonder it wasnt plastered all over reddit with 5 megathreads and to the minute live updates.


Jeez that sounds awful but that UK would have to work very hard to catch up to how many people America jails because we have by far the highest citizens in prison per capita than any other country. American freedom is a big fat joke.
Indeed, we need fewer of these policing agencies. "Morale is low" is not a good enough excuse. Though, take it a bit slow so they don't stage a coup.
Unfortunately that makes current events all the more unsettling. The minority party in power is fighting hard to bring back all of those negatives while ensuring the positives end up in the pockets of the wealthy. At least in those olden times the working class were getting a fair cut of the good.  
So you're as intelligent as a Saudi. How's that supposed to bé an argument ?? Did you grow in a fondamentalist Muslim kingdom to be so stupid ?
I would be petrified to go to that sub. 
Not saying Trump isn't obese, but the problem with that line of questioning is that you can be something other than "slim" or "morbidly obese" and is setting up a logical fallacy.

It's like the asking if he's a problem drinker, or African-American haberdasher.
No different than saying that Congressional Democrats are "tainted by association" because Dennis Hastert and Larry Craig were sex offenders. You're blaming innocent people because other people in a very large and diverse organization were bad.
**This is pretty much what Asher Edelman said :** 

*"It's called the Velocity of Money. If you give money to poor people, they are much more likely to actually use it"*

[URL]
Pretty sure petrified whale shit is actually quite sought-after and expensive. It is used in perfumes.
Drunk history fills in those gaps 
[URL]
WTF is wrong with people like this????? Seriously. What the absolute fuck. Is there something in the water? Have pesticides in foods twisted brain cells?Just what the hell is it?????
Okay so then why is this a question to you?  You asked, she said yes, and you clarified that her tone of voice was not meant to mean she was unhappy.
Mitch McConnell is the human equivalent of shooting pool with a rope. Impotent, unimpressive, and a saggy damp pile of disappointment. 
Hello granbolinaboom. Your submission is being removed because it has been recently posted to the subreddit. Reposted content refers to any content that has been posted to the subreddit within the last 60 days.

Please refresh yourself on our [rules]([URL]) before continuing to participate.
This is all the GOP has. Bluster.

They don’t have a factual defense, so they’re trying to wharrgarbl their way into the minds of gullible, low information voters.
Any idea what is being done with that money? I have heard rainy day fund, but the school districts really need some help.... 
“Drumpf takes away the right to die from terminally ill people in extreme pain.” (Vox) [100k upvotes]



You got it twisted, the promises were to Putin and Erdogan.
There is no free speech in an ancap system
What witnesses were blocked? Please tell me who was not allowed to testify that actually had knowledge of the issue at hand. The only names you can give were subpoenaed by the Democrats and blocked by Trump.
I guess those black lives... don't matter.
Idk... That seems more like a distraction and pretty low on the list of things that are wrong with China and our economic relationship with them, that enables their barbaric behavior.
Yeah... she has been so reserved and calm in the face of opposing viewpoints.
Excellent idea. 

As someone commented, the key word is AWESOME STUFF to share and tag other groups.
Because the use of a stimulant which may hid the symptoms does not mean you have adhd and you may be harming yourself or worsening your condition. Only a retard would seriously think that only a handful of conditions exist with unique and clear symptoms.
The point is that the laws of physics are what they are, just because you remove any mention of what the speed of light is doesn't mean it will change.
Wasn't he fired for taking too much of the spotlight? You feel annoyed he's still visible, imagine how the guy that fired him must feel still seeing him. If he remembers what went on, I mean.
 The non-gentrified parts of the city, meanwhile, were and sometimes are still crime-wracked, and are trying to figure out how to take fuel away from that fire.

Please disarm the poor folk, that way we won't have to worry about keeping them miserable?
It’s pretty filthy, to be frank
I feel like there's nothing they can throw at him that's as intense or difficult as The Root interview was. That interview made me completely confident the debates will go just fine.
And that is the way its done.

Calm, to the point, engage, as long as possible, leave at your own pace and with a smile.
Seriously. It's like neighbors. I want quiet and cool neighbors. I don't care how they look, etc.
Right because a moose fits snug around the neck :)
What makes them not worth interviewing? Perhaps if a company can't find adequate talent to fill a role, they need to reevaluate their standards?
Lets say Tories choose ref on deal or no deal, and Labour chooses ref on remain vs deal.

If you are a tory remainer, or a labour leaver, you will have to vote against either your party or your brexit position. This is not satisfactory.
There will always be poor people in the world you can’t get immunised against being rich or poor
No, but it would certainly be unsettling to realize that someone you were friends with followed such a hateful and willfully ignorant ideology. Especially since I'm gay.
Oooh you swapped from your alt to your main? Excellent, I get to tell you this twice.

I hope Trump's anus is clean when you're licking it.
Really? You can't be bothered to do a simple search and see lists of governors and legislatures before making such an idiotic and moronic comment? Jeez.
even if she wins, she will be damaged much like John Major.

edit: that leadership battle was also on the EU.

[URL](UK)_leadership_election,_1995
Maybe you don't know what *causal* means, hell, idk.  But you can sure [gtfo]([URL]) with that ***noise*** (see what I did there)?

Your smugness makes this even more delicious.
People were initially annoyed because she wasn't questioning Dr. Ford harder.  Turns out, Mitchell was methodically gathering statements and finding contradictions.  That 9 page memo she wrote is just devastating to Ford's credibility. 
He's locking children in cages and they are dying of preventable causes, not for any security value rather just for a bump in the poll. 

There are many horrific things he has done but a decent human being shouldn't need any more than that.
Cat pee soaked sponge
Well no shit she knew, she probably ate the babies for breakfast after her nasty peado son fucked them
This is really, really worth emphasising as much as possible.

The current cabinet aren’t the sort of functionally competent but nasty lot that say Cameron or Major had.

They’re another level of profound nastiness and actively inept with it.
Is it just me or does his art style creep anyone else out? Obviously he's very good with designing caricatures but there's just something so fucking unsettling about them. Coupled with how propagnadistic and deranged his cartoons are I just find them really unnerving. Like you can just *feel* the hate coming through.
My favorite part: to report on this tweet, the MSM has to report that the burglary happened, something they do NOT want to do. Brilliant.
He hates pet animals. He thinks they're filthy and people that own pets are gross too.. Dude has no fucking empathy.
1992

Both exit polls predicted a hung parliament, but the Conservatives won a majority. The BBC’s estimate for the final majority/non-majority was wrong by 70 seats, and ITV’s wrong by 62 seats.

A tiny shred of light
If your business requires special rules and laws to survive, then you are depending on socialism to keep your company afloat and it is not a free market.
Why do you think you know more than Charity Navigator. It has a spotless record. (Apparently except for right-wing paranoia sites.)
Very dangerous to Liberal mental health.  That is crystal clear.
He is genuinely unflappable, and for someone with presumably so much to have the piss taken out of him for that's quite astounding.
Not filthy socialists with no sense of personal or national identity.
Tv is and always has been free over the air and the government already subsidizes phones with internet 100% for poor people.
"I've never met a white person that didnt put their whiteness above everything else when it came down to it."

Wow, it's always a rare sight to see people being racist against white people of all races but I guess you take that cake today.
They had this prepped in advance because the obligatory sexual assault charge is inevitable from the left. How do you think they could release a rebuttal with 65 womens signature within hours?
Imagine just ruining someone’s hard work and getting angry at people who are rightfully upset by it
How is Fiji water not on there? A large percentage of that island doesn’t have access to clean drinking water.
Probably Chelsea Hubble. She isn't very intelligent.
We don't ask where mysterious money in UK politics comes from anymore. We just accept political parties existing purely to damage one party and sick campaigns like this.
Calm down.

Also, find a better hobby... like more Reddit instead.
Moderates are so fucking fickle with their "unity" bullshit, it's hilarious.
He probably  thinks he can install Erik Prince's goons as the new cartel.  As an aside, I wonder how many millions the fat failure has spent on the nose candy so far.
boom in equities and cheap monetary policy. 55% do not own stock, and of those, even less own amounts substantial to truly benefit. i have a hunch that that future generations will look back on this time and wonder how our leader could be so nearsighted.
He’s abandoned Pocahontas, apparently! Nervous? And is he actually using skinny as an insult?
Guy is like 35 going on 60

The dark side took his physical appearance
Also: [Intent on Unsettling E.U., Russia Taps Foot Soldiers From the Fringe - Russia in ties with several far-right European parties]([URL])
Oh yeah, quiet and soothing like watching a wildlife documentary.
funny and sad
I bet her handlers slap her around to make her chubby cheeks more rosy
"we don't light a fire in the hallway to practice fire drills"

Let's call these active shooter drills what they are: a bunch of gun nuts cosplaying out their fantasies, bringing their weekend pretend militia games into schools.
No TV talking heads going to mention Harris slurred rambling responses and if she was drunk or on Xanax?
As a Californian who has no children and pays a fortune in taxes. I don’t care. I would rather a hungry child get food, more than I would rather pay for some rich asshole’s subsidies.

Children shouldn’t go hungry, you are the bad guy here.
Ancient Greece did not practice pedophilia any more regularly than people in the West today do.
It’s long but they have multiple ones on either side of the building so it’s difficult to judge.
A lot of respect for Perez for how he handled that interview.  I think Bartiromo was going to have an aneurysm with how unflappable and focused he was. 
If the government could incentivise large insurance companies to negotiate down prices for their customers (sort of like the NHS do) as they have huge negotiating leverage, this figure could fall. A myriad of small, powerless insurers cause the issue (not in an ideal economy of scale)
Yes based on funding largely.  However,  public schools do offer excellent education in some places.  You also don’t get a better education necessarily at private schools, but you do get in on the sweet American nepotism train where rich kids hire their idiot private school friends later in life.
My point is that he's trying to act tough and cool, when he's really just a prick tool.
well to be fair, it was a rainy day fund and not a rainy week fund

/s
Not every person of color is poor and destitute.
Yes. The road is mainly used by civilians to get in and out of Aleppo. It's a lifeline for the million and a half people living there and their relatives around Syria. When rebels take it over the city gets cut off and supplies become scarce.
he should donate 70% of the profits filthy capitalist pig smh
I am an angry white man, getting sort of old too, but fuck the GOP -- they're the reason why I'm angry.
Another bonus ironic one:
Socialism? You wanna starve while waiting in the bread lines?!

Meanwhile we've got a serious homeless epidemic, pockets of extreme poverty, starving children with no homes, people who die simply because their life is worth less than whatever treatment they need
\*Childish comment from this fat blob, go back to England and eat some more deep fried scampi.
The US market allows for recouping R&D and regulatory costs, incentivizing new development. So, the US pays to develop MRI technology, while Germany gets it for free.
Should have been a small hand
That was well laid out.

Similar to a Stalin-era five year plan however, flawed to the point of failure due to wishful thinking, faulty logic in the face of basic math, and a political statement ignoring sound science.
I'll admit that when I was younger I didn't do much research on judges, so I didn't vote for them when I filled out my ballot. Now I do the research before I go to vote. It's usually not too difficult to find out if they are more Liberal or Conservative.
‘some dark reason’

I see what you did there
Let's stop spamming the group, one post a day should be adequate, thanks. 
From the people who hate HIM. They manufacture this stuff because they're petrified of their crummy world coming to an end.
In other “news” water is wet.
Who's the laughing pink-tie obese Repub?  I thought he was Sensenbrenner at first but he's bigger & has a different nose.  How are we supposed to tell all these old while guys apart????
I fucking love how he would troll Sanders and Crooked by commenting how exhausted and tired they are, and that they should rest because they had no energy left.
I'd be pretty irate too if someone accused my kid of being in a gang.
Perfect narration. It was absolutely perfect. Many people agree - many excellent people; the best.
I mean.. a visa gives you the right to enter (pretty much).. what do you get in return for this?
It’s fun to watch the left cannibalize themselves. But I also think that things that are frightening and horrific are fun, so...
Read a book, you ignorant motherfucker lmao

[Maybe start with this, at least. Pay special attention to the bit about "reactionary socialism"]([URL]
The Principles of Communism - Marxists Internet Archive)
He started out so cool and unflappable, and then, either Hillary got under his skin or the coke hit all at once!  He totally lost it.
God damn time is unkind.
That's not remotely impossible.
Trump looks so unhappy in that video clip. LMAO
Duh, like someone who splashed an almost suicide attempt all over the media, is going to get elected for anything.  Very sick unhappy person.
Then the British left told them that British history is soaked in the blood of their ancestors.

Bits of it are. Think this is some sort of truth you can magic away by blaming the left? Nothing to do with the right wing inperialists that created it, no no.
Memorable Friday the 13th
 Joe rogan is a fucking genius

Are you quoting a Warren joke? That is fucking hilarious
It might have something to do with frequent r/YangForPresidentHQ posting history. It’s possible it’s just automatic vetting because a couple Yang Gangers screwed our reputation, but it’s also entirely possible that the mods are just bad.
Self driving cars haven't proven particularly good at not hitting people so far. Maybe they'll get better but that's small comfort to the people who may be hurt or killed in the interim.
The country is completely divided. So many people don't care anymore, as long as their side wins. I believe there are more people who are tired of it than conformist types who have just accepted it, though, and that's why Yang will win.
I don’t disagree that some recalibration is in order. I was simply pointing out that irrespective of ones politics, comparing Brexit to an elected politician’s inherently time limited tenure is idiotic and short sighted.
"We already have it with Obama, so let's just calm down. You know Michelle is a tranny."

Joan Rivers, when asked if we would ever have a gay president
Stoicism is definitely part of JBP’s message / teachings, but far from all of it. Speaking only for myself, his ability to illustrate the relevance of religion and myth is one of his unique contributions, especially in a very secular and rational age.
How?

They've managed to evade taxes so far. What's his secret weapon?

If he's getting rid of the loopholes, how is he going to get it thru congress? And how will he do it without hurting small businesses?
African wages are too low. Richest people live on a different planet. This is a different dimension, if you ever enter it.
The New European is that rare breed-  a Remain-supporting tabloid.


It’s also garbage.
I thought it was about rehabilitation/repentance, or at the very least deterrence. Is that not achieved by adequate punishment? A lot of these crazy fucks aren’t afraid to die, but I bet you they’re scared of spending the rest of their life alone in a dark room. 
CADGAR DEAFENING here (and yes the generator put it in caps)
Are you struggling with the demographic data? Pete is popular with old, wealthy, suburban white Democrats. That's it. The support literally doesn't go beyond that, and that's a coalition that can't win outside of a small Midwestern college town.
A centrist would be scared of a totalitarian non-democratic regime without free speech based on warped economic principles, yes.
everyone who thinks about politics on a regular basis is angry
Sounds to me like you dont know your worth and have poor negotiating skills, so you rely on your coworkers to tell you what they make and then you can claim its unfair work/wage practices.
At this point it is just rumors.    A damaged plane is not the same as a destroyed plane.   I see no evidence at all of 22 planes being destroyed.
I saw Stephen Lewis in action in Africa as Kofi Annan's UN representative on HIV/AIDS. He ended up backing a corrupt government to the outrage of ALL the donor nations who were pouring tens of millions into HIV/AIDS in that country. My sole personal experience of the man: total hypocrite and political player.
That irony is that that nasty bitch did more for MAGA than 100 flags.
The power of the left biased media worldwide is just stunning
Now cracks a noble heart. May our society be judged by how we treat the poor, unrepentant serial murderers amongst us
Jobs are scarce nowadays.
You are a miserable human being. Get a fucking life you sad sack of shit.
One of them is a civilian wronged by a man part of the nation wants to gives a prestigious position to, the other is supposed to be an unflappable bastion of justice. You tell me which one we should expect to keep their cool.
So your solution to this "unsolvable riddle" is that there are enough "teenagers" in Vermont to continually elect Sanders for the last 30 years?

Forgive me as I laugh.
He is really special needs.
Lol. Actually the silence is deafening.
I'm sure the only thing a woman bartender in NYC has to deal with is making sure you are happy or unhappy.  

You are reading into words that you are twisting from the original comment.  But go on up the hill.  
If this were true it would be cheaper to just have universal healthcare. As it is those of us with jobs are already paying for the poor and the illegal and the uninsured. Might as well just plan for it.
Calling Richard Spencer a "well known conservative activist..."

Thanks for saying the quiet part out loud! Well known white nationalists = conservative activists.
What ? It look like a standard barrel bomb. Check the small wheel to push it from the chopper .
You can find video showing how they push them from the back of Mi8 helicopter.
Like a violent storm and it's getting more ugly and gutter level by the minute. Just go and see on corporate dem Biden worship sites like democratic underground. Their absolute hated, lies and slander about Bernie makes me sick!
Explains why they were asleep at the job
Warren got 4D chess'd by Hilary when she was vetted for VP. Warren kept quiet in the '16 election.
I'm like... 90% sure Dark Matter knew it was silly and was okay with that.
Pence is a wet towel. He couldn’t excite a charged electron. He would be the definition of Lame Duck.
Let me get on my crazy pants.

Mm. Snug. Alright:

*BREAKING $HILLERY INCITES CROWD TO BURY GOD EMPEROR ALIVE HOLY SHIT HOLY SHIT ITS HAPPENING*

Blegh.
What if they ran the numbers and feel that they'd make more money keeping their taxes low even if it meant those kids still stayed in cages? This argument of yours is more of an assertion than anything.
Look at her! She is hideous!
Funny that the biggest polluters are socialist/communist countries by a large margin.
Oh silly [[URL]]([URL]).  Mitch has put the Republican majority Senate on permanent vacation by promising to not pass any thing offered to it from the Democratic majority House. 

So if you want Liz Warner back at her Senate Desk, demand that Mitch put the Senate back to work.
There we go.  You think capitalists are bootlickers.  I think socialists are weak and pathetic.   

There is no changing minds here, we are just going to start trading insults.  That's precisely why moderate democrats keep quiet, we don't have the energy to get into it with you guys.
Stochastic terrorism. Repeat it, loud and clear, to as many people as possible.
That is wicked. Excellent
You get a family by demonstrating that you are a satisfactory provider. If you are abandoning it, you aren't attempting to demonstrate it. You aren't trying to make an excess. You make enough for you and and give up on trying to get ahead.
Pedocrats. If you where a pedocrat you would be angry too.
That reminds me. I'm hungry for chicken sandwiches.
Snug, but with some room at the toe. 
Cory in the House was an utterly awful spinoff of a very mediocre Disney show, but I still love it for the Cory Booker memes.
I’m not here for you

I’m glad we’re saying the quiet parts out loud finally.

We know why you’re here, fascist. You’re afraid. 

We love it.
So you just reiterate that you don't care about people's wellbeing unless they die. That's horrific.
Calm down luv.
"hahaha, my neighbors are hungry"

Yeah, helpful to all you are. And the non-trump supporters ? You're going to gift them food baskets 'cause they have the *right* politics ?
It was beautiful and perfect and thin.
so now youre just removing and censoring criticism of the mods? weak that you cant even engage in good faith discussion. Sad.
American flag sticker 17.00$? Better have uranium depleted coating 
Because I'm straight skinny but gay obese.
Probably, despite not being a fan of a lot of stuff he's done. I'd *consider* Biden if he'd be more moderate on gun politics. Likely wouldn't consider any other candidate on the Dem side.
CRyStAl ClEaR
It is difficult to not look at this picture and imagine an idiot walking around with a poster stating "Repent, the end is near".  Both have equal credibility.
that's exactly what russia wants us to do.
Civil war. go fuck urself and stay calm buddy, let it roll out in a normal democratic way.
Also so he can give them a demeaning name to tweet about... "The fake news media keeps reporting the mean things wet whistle willy is saying about my perfect phone call. sad."
I'm usually wary of any media that makes anarchists start talking about "good cops" and "idealised" police forces.
In cool, damp places. 🐛🐛🐛🐛🐛
Hot take :

Speak Now  Red  1989  Lover  Reputation  Fearless  Taylor Swift
I thought non consumption was already a part of the strikes? If not, it should be.

IMO non consumption should be pushed as a norm like recycling and anti-plastic. Buying cheap plastic knick-knacks for dogs/kids/shelves should be like blowing smoke in babies' faces
How much does a billboard cost in Palm Beach, FL? Can we get this quote plastered on every billboard between the airport and Mar A Lago?
Large power plants are much more effective at producing energy from hydrocarbons than small combustion engines.
If by "normal people" you mean people so apathetic to the catastrophe happening in the very fibers that string america together, unwilling, unable, or just blissfully ignorant to speaking out against it... I guess, yeah. You wear that smile loud and proud, you absolute fucking moron.
In US  


"Video unavailable

This video contains content from NBC Universal, who has blocked it in your country on copyright grounds."
Yeah I sure did. So glad I was able to open my mind.
He's likely going to be testifying before the Senate during impeachment hearings, and his gaffes will likely sink him with an audience that big.

And Bernie and Warren will be out of contention. Can't imagine them doing well if they are stuck in DC while the primaries start.
trump as usual is always right but the left is UTTERLY retarded when it comes to this, boats full of ADULT males just pouring in to europe.
It wasn't even protestors, it was people who were actually attending the event legitimately who got angry when he said he wouldn't take any questions during his "Q&A"
In the US your content is copyrighted as soon as you publish it.

I assume you mean that you should register the copyright.
Joy Behar’s panties must of been soaked after this show. 
 Modern dietary recommendations by health organizations, systematic reviews, and national health agencies corroborate this.

A perfect example of why Wikileaks isn't a reliable source.  I wonder how many times people have tried to correct this statement.
The use of depleted Uranium  deserves criticism, but that was GHWB's decision, not Bab's and his authorization  of the use of d r pleated uranium has nothing to do with this story.

Take your whataboutism someplace else 
Not a good start Boris
I remember years ago when I learned that it was roughly gender even among abortion-groups and it blew my mind. They definitely have a tight grip on the men vs. women narrative, whenever abortion is talked about it's about men telling women what to do.
Pretty smart of the House Dems here. They know that the squad is probably the future of the party so the Dems allow them to remain pure while also allowing more moderate Dems to say "hey we're not associated with the squad, we're independent"
[I long for the cold embrace of death]([URL])
The contradiction comes because they would argue that other have a satisfactory quality of life at $2.00 a day yet theirs is not. 
scalding
AOC is a paragon of honesty, energy and intelligence - finding fault is naturally more difficult.  Republicans try and we see them for what they are...
The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people.
His reaction is how you know its all true. In some ways, he is very transparent.
The charisma of a damp rag, and the appearance of a low-grade bank clerk?
Loses the Democrat nomination, and wants his entire state to lose so he doesnt feel so bad.
I don't mean to imply that it doesn't scare people away.  I'm also from a poor background and went to a mediocre school because I could live at home + scholarship instead of going to a great one.
Why are you even bashing on him for this? 

It’s something Catholics/Christians/etc do, is it really that big of a deal?
His under-eye area might cosmetically benefit from regular application of soaked satchels of tea.
Fire them and track them for life to make sure they never have any enforcement employment above a mall cop, and then only if they are on a very tight leash.
the *far left* one is gorgeous

I'm sorry, *cocks gun*, this is for your own good. 🔫😭

/s because killing people is what the left does
No one would call that a strong correlation. The countries in the top left all seem to be free from unfettered illegal migration which would skew the statistics. The US in particular has a large problem of illegal aliens who hold down economic movement as the perpetual inflow is naturally destitute. 
Agreed. Regardless, they share the common goal of getting Johnson as far away from Number 10, and the country away from a hard Brexit, as possible. Their visions going forward however are very different...
Titans of industry actually make up a very small portion of the voting population so that's fine.
My anxious pacing turned to delighted pacing 
Of all the possible ends to the Trump era, ‘military coup’ is one of my least favorite
When you say the quiet part out loud
Yeah but at this point it's like the Mandela effect. If I had said "I cant use my arms" half of the people would miss the reference, and the other half would tell me "my arms are BROKEN, ftfy".

So, yeah.
Realistically it probably will a bit, but no renter is going to increase to that $1000 because competition and you now have a bit of a safety net to move. So likely it will go up a bit but you still have a net gain of extra spendable cash.
I disagree.

We must solve world hunger. Thats the biggest issue facing us today. 

Why even bother talking about whether voter apathy or systemic voter disenfranchisement is the worse of the two?

There are people starving all over the world!
That's horrific. I would never leave the house again.
Even if a teenager does a mediocre job it would still be a better result than some of the extreme policies that have been enacted by certain officials. 

In those cases yes I would have preferred the teenager lol. Do you find that surprising? sorry.


I don't think anyone ever accused him of "colliding" with Russia. The dude is absolutely enormous and extremely medically obese, but even he does not have enough mass to really collide with a country.
I get what you're saying, but Jesus expressly said to help to poor and destitute, so. 
Fine.

\*someone who went to Egypt and *supposedly* learned magick there before returning to Judea and becoming a wandering mystic

Happy?
Stormont has been out for 500 days now and the MLAs have been collecting their £50k salaries the entire time. I think freezing their salary payments if Stormont is not running would get them back to the table pretty quickly. 
Far left tellling you waht to thinnk believe &* how you should live. Erase our traditions culture history & heroes. Subjugate you & break you to their will KY will never be broken can't be broken you're too strong & too smart!
Or... here is a thought... they could be content with making less than $10M a year
Silly, he's paid to say this. He knows it's not.
You think you dont have to mentally ill to go on a murder rampage? Also, as i predicted you avoided my question. DO YOU THINK CAR DRIVERS OR CARS ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR DEATHS, 10x more than rifles, CAUSED BY DRUNK DRIVING?
I think impeaching and then sitting on it is going to be viewed unfavorably by certain key demographics.
I suspect if they were even vaguely effective, they'd be shouting out every "win" over the rooftops as justification that they exist..  Their silence is a deafening statement of how ineffective they actually are against terrorists.  I suspect it's more likely they gather intelligence as political leverage against individuals
Dodds lost his seat delighted for the prick.

I guess the electorate can say "No" too.

[URL]
You're welcome! It is indeed an overwhelming amount of information and a lot of politicisms being thrown around. It's easy to get lost as a regular citizen and that's what certain people are hoping for.
OK so then the important question is where the major oil production facilities are located.  If guerrillas could attack them and retreat back into the jungle with ease that's a very unsolvable problem.  But if the only problem was the puppet government can't control the jungle, whatever, who cares about the jungle.  
Kids fuckin suck, why can't we all agree on this and let ourselves go extinct. This planet would be better off without us anyways
As a thinking, progressive, less-bigoted-than-them obese guy with an overly bearded neck, I resent that....
I just read he fucking pulled the fire alarm so they would all come pouring out of the rooms and just opened fire. So fucked up. Shocking, white kid. Not ISS. 
Obama had charisma. Harris sounds like a tipsy school girl
Scotch eggs looked like such a delicious idea, then I tried one. Maybe I got a shitty one but man that was a severe disappointment
You think trump is happy? He is the poster boy for desperate validation and self-delusion.
Sure alive like a stage 4 cancer patient. No offense to the terminally ill. But Obamacare is dying.
John Delaney is bad.
A damp squid?
Quite a sombre mood on my Facebook today it seems, Tories are content and Labour a bit quiet.

Still surprised in some ways.
No he’s not, he’s poplar among his tiny white bread constituency but nationally he’s mediocre at best.
She's stepping up her game.  She now has an ad plastered on AOL's sign in page.
Oh the twisted webs they weave...
Maybe I’m missing your point but what about urban planning, project management, expertise in field, etc is unique to a capitalist economy?
Not really.

The Socialism Bernie preaches is much more inclusive. Nazis were very exclusionary and wanted only certain races to prosper.
I fell for this. Absolutely appalling lie, that likely damaged the transgender cause significantly.
They can’t even give a definitive answer on what Trump did and they’re trying to impeach him! So expecting an answer about Barr is about as likely as Epstein killing himself.
Are we allowed to say faggot again?? I think one of my accounts got suspended from reddit for using it. I remember being 16 threatening to rape your mom over Xbox live and it was all good. Now I’m scared to call someone an ass hole for fear of being doxxed
You're unlikely to find a satisfactory review here, unfortunately. Most economists are uninterested in big systems like this and are ill-equipped to address them. 
At times like these I wish Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind were real
so'k, I agree, the timing is impeccable ..., and thanks for editing the op
[We. Are. The. Adequate.  Forgettable.  Occasionally regrettable. . .]([URL])
I can’t imagine that job. Reading the most obtuse and dry documents in search of tidbits relating to potential crime, which in itself probably doesn’t always just jump out at you as you read.
OP doesn’t mean reporting the hug, but reporting on supposed past nasty tweets of his.

And not to attack the guy, but to say that clearly decent people shouldn’t get automatic witch hunts about stupid tweets a decade ago just because the Press want a story.
Tree's parched, yo
 responding repeatedly with tweets and speeches, a bizarre move when you're one of the front runners and the other guy is barely at 1%

He can't help himself, he has almost as thin skin as Trump and about as much narcissism.
Barry Berke was excellent at backing Castor into a corner. That's why the Republicans protested so heavily and kept interrupting. They knew he was exposing their BS. 

I am not sure how the same representatives can keep interrupting non-stop and not be removed from the hearing.
I have a muhle safety razor, which is similar. It’s really nice. But I still prefer my Merkur Futur. It works really well and its looks are just downright stunning. 
There was never a threat- there was a promoted FBI narrative about who would embrace the movie and act out. And grave disappointment across the board when all was quiet last weekend. Probably because the movie is highlighting a very different social ill...
The hidden beauty of that vehicle is the simplicity of the process that stamps the stainless steel sheet into the body, giving structure by creating those ridges and triangles.

ugly and practical
My previous post was all about the red lines and how they are the demand of a loud minority.
 Pictures of people sharing and pouring concrete into cups

 Multiple witnesses saying there was concrete

 Andy Ngo says there was concrete

 Police said there was concrete

What do you want exactly?
[URL]'s not that difficult to understand.
 which is what has previously happened

I mean it didn't, but whatever keeps you warm at night...
Morning gents, hope you're all ready for another hard day of poll speculation and conspiracy theories about the BBC!
and he's failing at that. the most memorable part of this has been shouting down a female reporter who was trying to ask about Brett
But American Idol is on tonight....I want to find out if the annoying chubby blond girl gets sent home.
Well, that’s the most transparent attempts to front it out I’ve seen since I was a child.

*through gritted teeth and tears* “that didn’t hurt”
Birmingham spent millions opening a brand new library, and has won awards for it.

It's now open, last I checked, 3 days a week.
It's effective speaking. The pauses make the words unforgettable. You'll remember what he said for hours.
Go stall 'em for 20 minutes and pray that it's not too damp in here!
Yes. They actually did get sick of their shit. Sanders said she was done with MSM bullshit.
Play [this]([URL]) on your tiny violin.
I'm actually a little wary of this story

You should be. Every story involving Roger Stone is dubious by default. He takes pride in deception and misinformation. 
Now that it's down to only 7, it seems people aren't as angry to have other candidates sharing the stage.
If you bite the hand that feeds you, you don't get to complain that "you're hungry"
You do know she then voted for the same bill as a part of the big tax bill right? That big theatrical thumbs down vote was about the skinny repeal, just removing the mandate. The Tax bill then did just that,  which she voted for. 
 He thought he was going into a meeting with sleepy eye Chuck Schumer and weak, ineffectual Nancy Pelosi. 

This is why I see the right painting Ocasio-Cortez as "stupid" constantly will eventually backfire. 
They are gorgeous if you remove all the trailers/doublewides/manufactured homes and literal trash on 80% of the properties in eastern Kentucky. People have absolutely no pride in their homes. Poverty has nothing to do with garbage on your porch or thrown down the hill side or filling up an old neglected car. 
Rushmore isn’t a bas relief though. What exactly is China making that would surpass Stone Mountain.

They help understand what happened. We shouldn’t whitewash history because it makes us uncomfortable.

Stone Mountain is an unforgettable and unfortunate reminder of our shitty past
The phone company allowed invasion of phone records?
other developed countries have worked out systems that provide access for terminally ill/gravely ill children, and have better mortality rates overall?
I'm not saying they aren't but the way McConnell n Graham are acting is an outright offence to our Constitution. And the fact that they have to take an oath of objectivity so help them God?? They should not even be allowed to participate in the trial.
[Hey Chairy! Do you know what today's secret word is? Alt-right! AHHHHHHHHH!111111]([URL])

(that is the deafening noise of unthinking identity politics, reinforced by a media unified in pushing propaganda) 
i prayed at my trump shrine for 2 hours today match me

musta been fun for all those intelligent scam-proof lefties to watch their bernie bucks go to hillary in 2016 lmao
Why are there a dozen or more articles all pushing the same narrative? It's kind of lousy to try and steal this moment away from a terminally ill war hero.
Hopefully she'll use $1.50 of that million for some paper towel to clean her fucking glasses 🤓
It actually ended when Dr. Carson nearly fell asleep at a debate talking about tax rates.
Actually does not have a broken jaw per the ufc post fight
Still not impossible that things could devolve into factional conflict.
They couldn’t have at least picked an attractive black actress ?
The federal parliament is subservient to their constitution, as I've shown. Therefore doesn't have parliamentary sovereignty. The Bundesrat is also a state run house, and violates one person one vote. You are disingenuous. People won't vote for Labour if they play silly games like you're doing.
Air isn't scarce. Something being non-scarce doesn't mean there's an infinite supply of it, it means that a good does not need to be economized on. You seem to get that though, so I'm kinda arguing definitions here...
We've been fighting this fight for the last 2 years.

Let's be crystal clear here:  The party of powerful men raping women is CLINTON's DNC.

If you support the Dem party you are a tascist support of rape and misgonery.
Obligatory not all Bernie fans.
And addressing mental illness first has the added bonus of helping reduce those pesky knife, truck, and acid attacks that crop up when guns are unavailable.
EDIT: apparently I've offended the pro-knife, truck, and acid attack lobby.  Or the pro-mental-illness lobby, not sure which.
 Why aren't there web YouTube Facebook ads about this. Where is the democratic party spending it's $?

Arguably it's too early to be spending money on this now. The election is 15 months away. Keep your powder dry.
He looks like a fat old General Zod.
Well, we all know at least one thing. He’s HUGE, BIG, GIGANTIC.

But, yeah it’s annoying as hell.
This will be the excuse Trump uses to fire him for speaking out against Russia. Don't get it wrong, Trump is fine with people embezzling government funds but needed a politically palatable reason to fire him 
While I agree that nuclear is a great way to go let's not pretend it didnt already have a HUGE issue with public opinion before she was even born.  See three mile island and Chernobyl.  Crossing my fingers for the discovery of cold fusionv
If biden is self-dealing... how do you compare selling ur son’s book with putting ur son on board of directors of a shady oil and gas company... 

Quite idiotic to suggest any equivalence of these 2 on any level.
Now, I'm not anti-Trump like alot of people on reddit but this decision was absolutely idiotic and my friends and I who were alright with him now dislike him. He has singlehandedly caused more harm to himself in the eyes of my friends and I than any of the Russia investigation mess.
Sooo are you proposing a prehistoric kind of scenario in which they runs naked and eat each other?

You're funny
A large portion of the rural prairies, as well as some heavily religious chunks of BC, and the far right fundamentalists across the country are very much against banning conversion therapy and any other law that doesn’t give Christians total freedom to do whatever they want “in the name of the lord”
Remember when Murdoch's California home almost burned down? Those were the days.

Anyways, I for one can't wait to have more Fox cultees cheering on natural disasters in California. They're such nasty people.
This is hilarious, because Iranians aren't even Arabs.
Feminists: Destroy traditional roles

Feminists: Women are unhappy because they have to work and clean the house
Yeah but what is “unflappable”?
If there is a spot that is slick or damp that you can see with your eyes it’s too much grease.
"Who cares about poor people, they are stupid why don't they just get there dad to give them 10 million dollars" - trump 2019
It' because really stupid people don't realize once the government is allowed to control your thoughts and speech, they think it will never happen to them. Just wait, in less than 20 years, you will be arrested if you question the police or political officials.
That's a big "might." I don't honestly think McConnell would ever move against Trump. As far as Pence, that guy is potato salad in the vein of Bob Dole. The base would go mediocre for him.
Lib left: historical anarcho-communism is edited out of America's collective consciousness because the State knows that it would be more palatable to Americans' anti-authoritarian tendencies than historical Marxist-Leninism, which is easier for the propagandists to attack because it needed to use extensive state power when it rose to prominence in the 20th century
Screaming "get her out" to a protester with an angry crowd behind you is encouraging violence. Look at videos of other candidates and how they handle protesters. Its usually a calm scene, and in Warren's most recent case she acknowledged the protesters and tried to rally back support from them.
Utilities gave so much government oversight that they predictably become worse at everything they do. California utilities follow insane regulations and have their budgets stretched thin, maintenance always falls short because of this.
and then obama stayed nice and snug in the center for his entire presidency. That is not what I want from warren.
Darcy wasn't calm he was petrified.  
It happens really, really often in /r/news and /r/worldnews.

You have someone shooting and killing a dozen people with an easy-to-purchase semiautomatic rifle and the top 10 comments are all about how angry they are that the term "assault rifle" was used to describe a gun used in military assaults.
But how many destitute people from other states are flocking to Greenville, SC with little more than the hopes of finding a better life?
I'll be dead before I ever get sick of seeing a Jeb! meme :-).
Looks like it's more about quantity than [URL], to each their own.

Poor kiddo
Just as dry and sandy, too, I bet
Trumpians are delighted
Certainly, it’s not the be-all end-all but it could be the best shot we have for a long time to get pointed in the right direction in a big way.
No, you don't include drunk driving accidents as "deaths by alcohol."

We are talking from a purely biochemical interaction.

Alcohol in itself can kill you easily. But weed? Near impossible.
And yet 7 other judges managed to disagree with him, because he based that "unkind" decision on a reading of the law that would have required the driver to have to WALK home. His trailer was broken, and yet Gorsuch interpreted driving without the trailer as operating it. 

Every other judge disagreed.
A healthy dose of skepticism is absolutely critical these days. Always be wary, and be especially wary of things that so easily mesh with our own biases.
It started quiet, but she’s killing this thing tonight!
Cool, not evidence.
I'm really getting tired of the "How many times do we have to teach you this lesson, old man" Presidency.
I am so happy the conservatives won. MEGA!
I miss me some Nicole Sullivan and Alex Borstein, Michael McDonald and yes even Key & Peele

And the skinny black dude who played hyperactive Jack, the UPS [URL] hysterical
Okay, thanks for letting me know.

I've intentionally broken the link to stop driving traffic to the site but the text of the link is still there for transparency, if anyone feels the need to investigate (they won't.)
Police knocks on door and a Spanish speaking individual answers.   "Do you have any guns sir?"  "No, I am here illegally" is the reply in broken English.   "ok thats good.  If you had guns I would have to take you to jail, Have a nice day"
Non-functional pockets. Preach! Everything else is true, but why make fake pockets??
Even in the 1800s it wasn't adequate. It was merely another compromise to keep southern states happy and give them additional power.
"Boohoo Chinese gubmint, we are people who happily profit off of child labour in sweatshops but when Hong Kong protests are on the TV we go around being all virtuous and saint like durrrrrrr, oooooh did I just see cheap LED strips on sale made in China ooooooh lemme go buy these real quick"
Quiet now, don't give them any ideas...
He is probably extrapolating name recognition and favorability / unfavorability. That is the one data cut where Buttigieg looks the best. Reddit and Twitter aside, polling shows that he is fairly palatable to both the moderate and progressive sides of the party.
I never got this line of thinking. Why would a teenager get tired of communism when they got their first job, even if they were following the warped version of communism that liberals believe in? Communism gives you more money than eight dollars an hour.
 Humanity will just go extinct

I doubt that. We're too wiley. I *could* see our numbers reduced to *thousands* though.
I'm not an economist but it's been crystal clear to me that giving rich people more money, and companies more money, just means they have more money.  

It's so different from members of the Democratic Party in that he doesn't focus on issues made popular by twitter and main stream news outlets. He is a true individual and that is so rare in politicians as high profile as the Bern Man.
Was the phone call perfect?
I’m with you. This didn’t start with Trump, but he has radicalized it in a terrifying way. Shit could very well get very ugly, especially if the assholes like McConnell never stop playing their asshole games.
Provided support to terrorists, cost her children their lives with her poor decisions, and supported their horrific ideologies which to this day she still expresses support for by saying she has no regrets and that the mass murder of innocents at Manchester was justified. 
No, Mr. Lib-right would bring a contract offering a hamburger to a starving child for sex.
Pretty sure no white old person is going [URL] you're probably going to have to pick one. I'd say Sanders or Warren, because at least they're consistent and seem to understand poor people.
Christianity rearing it’s ugly head again. Come join us in the real world.
They do so much mental gymnastics and projection to rationalize keeping immigrant children in death camps.  They have to say "No, THEY are the baddies" while another child, in the government's care, dies of lack of adequate medical care.
 how is this not viral?

He hasn't won the primary yet. Dems won't attack one of their own, and the GOP is going to keep their powder dry until they need it.
Racism is nearly extinct and we dont need immigration of ANY sort!
Why would anyone be scared of a screeching brat who parrots lines written by the climate cult? Shut up and go back to drinking wine in the woods, Crooked.
Visiting a certain Orange site and delighted to read that people are starting to freak out. #wefuckingtoldyou
'Grab em by the pussy' doesn't imply rape.  
It was said in jest and confidence to his friend 15 years ago.  
Calm tf down.
You only need to read one part, the special investment rule, to realise its bullshit.
Same with my father.
It’s crazy.
The same guy who filled me with all this critical thinking, golden rule bullshit, is now a hypocritical bigoted Fox News watcher.
He got old scared and stupid.
I still love him though
Bless his heart
Or a troll. Always keep in mind that there are many special interest shills posting memes to facebook, making posts on reddit, and trolling in the comments section.
Wow! She looks fantastic. Look at those heels - must be 5-6"! And she was back in DC this evening wearing a gorgeous cream colored wool coat and looking like Sophia Loren just in time to light the National Christmas Tree. That crowd blows the Criminal Clintons calamity tour away. 
It very well could be.  If Bernie would win the election and be assassinated, shit is gonna get really fricken ugly really quickly.  Everyone with two brain cells will know what happened and what tiny tiny group sponsored it.
That’s silly, I doubt we will ever go back to having plantations.
Um... have you seen the white nationalist terrorists attack reports? I’m not saying to live in fear, but there are definitely reasons to be wary and concerned.
Exactly zero Tories will vote for whatever deal Labour come up with either -- the reason is their political bent.
The obligatory “m-muh ticktock” concern troll...
Cudahy Library at Loyola Chicago. The part people go crazy about is the "Klarchek Information Commons," a modern glass building with a view of Lake Michigan. The rest is the original romanesque-looking building this a hideous brutalist addition.
I’d go with large unless you want it a little snug
She didn’t seem unhappy - just unable to give an answer which I think it is safe to say is now pretty much standard for Tory ministers.
Aside from it being homophobic, it’s not even remotely funny. What’s the joke supposed to be? Why would Hermoine have to worry if he’s, as I assume he’s implying, a gay pedophile?
No your mom's not fat but you're going to have another [URL]
Small note: we will be the out of touch generation in the future!
Awesome! Thanks for the lesson. Gonna look more into it. Love ancient era. 👌🏻
The pyrotechnics will keep em warm
I'm petrified of sharia law too, as we all should be. That's not to say I fear all Muslims, just the radical ones. Same with radical christians who think women shoulnt have easy affordable access to birth control or abortions. 
You need to keep those blinders on tight lest they slip off and your eyes are open to the truth. Keep following that carrot, I'm sure you will get it eventually.
 It's worrying that ministers aren't given a position based on their knowledge or skills, but just on their unflappable loyalty.

Not just that. She's chosen people who will not be a threat to her leadership. i.e., they will be demonstrably useless.
Retard who doesn't understand how anything works even uses the incorrect "I could care less," how perfect.
As someone going through a very hard point in life but who's job doesn't provide any coverage for mental health care this is making me tear up with hope. Don't give me hope.
lmao the typo was drunk, not intentional.
🤔 What could an attorney general and a former president whose wife is running for president and also under fbi investigation be meeting about in person?

Probably their grandkids. 😴 wow is anyone else feeling really sleepy? Let’s just take a nap cmon now. 💤
Brilliant comment. I've never been in such fine intellectual company before now.
A semi-automatic is not a multi-shot weapon.

You pull the trigger one time, and one bullet comes out.  Semi-automatic IS single shot and is what people think of when they think of a normal gun.

Machine guns have been regulated to the point of being unavailable since 1934.  


No it's definitely both because while it's unforgettable and people will talk about it years later, it's also depressing and will probably end in a riot
"Officer, you can't arrest me for offering a bribe since you never accepted it"

&#x200B;

"I wasn't driving drunk, you arrested me before i could cover any actual distance"
Those people are brain damaged. If you thought est-Ds learned something about not putting their hopes on transparently stupid conspiracies only to have their every expectation crushed, Bernie's taxes will be another fun ride.
Tbh honest they are tiny, but loud part of the march. I know people that are taking part in the march and they are certainly not fascists
Prager is the man. I go to Michael Savage when I need something a little more incendiary. Prager is great with his cool, unflappable delivery.
No, that's an extinct mammal,  I think you mean Moloch
Yang reppin for all the obese out there.. Hes got u
another trump crime family felon who is annoyed at getting caught. 

but sure, "law enforcement is biased against criminals" like you.
Coal and natural gas will never be depleted. 
I just hope to stay in shape and relatively attractive when I’m old.
In Saskatchewan, 48 per cent of those who took part had a somewhat positive view of Scott Moe, with 36 per cent holding a somewhat negative opinion.

Yeah, I was surprised to see Kenney had a higher disapproval rating than approval but Saskatchewan seems to still like Moe pretty well.
I agree 100% 
I will never forgive all those illegals for not following the law and then my taxes have to pay to house and feed them until release into American society to leach off us for welfare, free school, free medical care. 

Americans deserve better.
He perfectly describes today from 100 years ago. The first three chapters! There might be others who argued the same things before him, but I don't know. I would be delighted if someone shares that info.
Don’t underestimate Bernard “Big Dick” Sanders
Hilarious!

Money laundering can happen with Fine Art and does 

It can happen with Real Estate.  It did here in Columbus with our now former Mayor (Coleman wanted to be Obama in the worst way).

[URL]
Trump cut off his terminally ill infant nephew from funding for his medical care.
There’s two parts to the clause genius, the first 13 are not what “shall not be infringed” is directly referring to.  This is not hard guys.
I listed Sanders in my top 4 most likely. Warren, Berniie, Buttigieg, and Biden I think all uncontroversially have a chance. My question was who do you think would be more likely to win than Klobuchar other than them.
It would be contempt of court and Congress if he continued once all legal challenges were exhausted.
Trump already sounding a bit parched
Putin's filthy puppets. Hillary was right.
 6013

Useful for thin metal.
Hmmm, I wonder if it's a possibility that instead of the Electoral college being faulty, you're just wrong about Trump.... hmmm....
of course not, that would be preposterous!
One is based on History a white person set in Ancient China would just be weird. The other is a mythological creatures. If you are mad about a mythological creatures color youre a fucking loser.
I think tans look nice on men and not so great on women, although fake tans are always hideous. It's not supposed to be about looking more like a black person and has a long history behind it, although the self-deprecation you see a lot of white liberals hold is weird.
The anti anything Kurd gang here is palatable these days.
My entire opinion of her changed when I saw her on the view. When I was a kid people would always shit on her saying she was just a dumb bimbo and shit like that. Then she goes on the view and is the most intelligent person there. Bye bye prejudice.
Both jobs are difficult in different ways
4 more years of trump could cost us our future when runaway climate is unsolvable.
White on black crime in America is so rare, the Left has to make up hate crimes to prove their narrative.
Again, you might find those more memorable now because they turned out to be fake. Or they got media attention in the first place in large part because they were suspicious or weird from the start (like in Smollet's case).
ITT: some terrifying people. If your response to seeing an article like this is “we can fix it by sterilising poor people”, then history would like to have a word.

Genuinely terrifying.
WE WON'T LET THE TERRORISTS WIN!!!! THEY WANT US TO BE SCARED. DON'T LET THEM SCARE YOU - JUST KEEP GOING ABOUT YOUR LIFE UNTIL A SEMI TRUCK HITS YOU.

Impeccable reasoning.
I don’t need to fight.  I’m going to do a belly dance.  Look into my belly button. Look deep Into my belly button. Now, you feel sleepy. And you will support Medicare for all.
But he's tiny.  Like real tiny.
[URL]

Look he's almost smaller then angela merkel, and she's teeny tiny:   
[URL]

Same politician in both pics for comparison.
No one is starving to death in America buddy. Nice try though 
It will never be tight enough.
It's all just taxes and expenditures. Any program contributes towards the deficit.

You may, however, want to know that the trust fund is now being depleted.
Miller accidentally said the quiet parts loudly
The whole Joe Biden thing is such a ridiculous red herring. It has been confirmed over and over and over that the prosecutor being removed was in line with US Policy and the Policy of our allies.
I know this isn’t political but Christ she is gorgeous. Does she age?
Been parched for decades.
Even the ones that are "non-profit" employ executives who can amass huge personal profits. That doesn't even include the billions of dollars these companies can squirrel away as "rainy day" funds.  
What a sick sad mind yours must be
You’re confusing communists and democratic socialists. Many countries in the EU are the latter, and have perfectly excellent stock markets.
Whoever controls the media destroys democracy.  A free press is the most basic necessity for liberty. The WaPo motto is a dark mantra, not a cry for freedom.
Part of the “Scared Billionaire” party and flooding media with ad campaigns that make empty generic promises.
Are you being sarcastic now? People outside of pyonyang are literally starving.
Al Green, as he endorses Kamala (pronouced come-all-over) who's Indian ancestors have documented evidence of owning slaves in Jamaica. Yet she presents herself as 100% black and woke.
Wait what... I don't see a hideous woman at all. Not trying to white Knight but I don't see someone whose looks would take over the discussion 
If the Washington Post is such a good newspaper, they would be delighted by my questions. The point is NOT to take something on faith just because x says it.
 My favored option was to remain

Brexit I'd have voted for it.

Pick one.

Honestly these contortions to get me to believe twisted logic rather than the man's own words are getting ridiculous.
A) He's not hungry.

&nbsp;

B) He doesn't need money, he bought a cells phone, hair dye, and fingernail polish.
I don't know if it's possible for them to ever snap back to reality. I think it would take a cataclysmic event of some kind.
This spike in a short term rate is drawing upward other short term rates, namely the fed effective, which hit right snug up against the 2.25 range ceiling, they have no choice but to step in and give the damn repo dealers some (collateralized) cash so they stop bidding up borrowing costs
How did I trash Tulsi? lol. At no point did I ever mention her. I trashed Harris because she is a bad candidate that ran a bad campaign.
He got what was important; another statement that Sondland will have to revise when his lawyers walk him back over the testimony.  That revision will need to be crystal clear to avoid a perjury charge.  Which will then be record.
"Someone I disagree with and don't like said really mean things about me, I'm gonna insult him through social media, that'll show him! Jared, where's my Big Mac!?"

This gigantic fuckboy is our president*.
How embarrassing.

*: To be disputed btw.
They had to fly people in from all over the East Coast to get 150 pro Trump a-holes. After Charlottesville their other planned marches met so much resistance they literally wet themselves and ran away. There are no huge numbers of young trump supporters.
Sensible gun owners, jumbo shrimp, progressive conservative, deafening silence, seriously funny...
Bullets soaked in pig's blood should do the trick.
More like, "If article 4 accession is non-functional, 37 states are gonna need to find a new nation"
Democracy requires multiple parties. However the Republicans are completely non-functional and beyond redemption. We seriously need to implement changes to the voting process such as ranked choice or instant runoff voting so that multiple parties can flourish, and issue-based coalitions among legislators can bypass the gridlock of two party polarization.
“The good writers touch life often. The mediocre ones run a quick hand over her. The bad ones rape her and leave her for the flies.” 
― Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451
It could if you're willing to see every elderly, terminally ill, or handicapped person become enemies of the economy and it's corporate state. But unfortunately, you are cursed with love and empathy so that might not work. 
Obligatory Link: [URL]
Sam Harris is a study in how an intelligent, evidence based scientifically minded person can also be extraordinarily biased and prejudiced while being almost entirely blind to that fact that he is  extraordinarily biased and prejudiced.

Its actually really interesting to look at.
[Obligatory Jean-Paul Sartre reference]([URL])
So when white people take the streets and lock down Paris in an enormous hissy fit for gimme's, that's just the French celebrating their proud history of defying tyranny. When black people do it, suddenly we're looking at a dangerous mob of invasive immigrants who should be kicked out IMMEDIATELY.
Loved what Obama did. You must hate the fact that trump started the child separation policy and zero tolerance policy. Obama reduced border crossing to an historic low without separating children from their parents
When's trans invisibility week? Because the whole lot of Bruce Jenners is hideous
We don't but CNN and Haliburton and the rest of the enormous corporations really want another one and they don't much care for democracy or ethics.
Lol.   I don't think Pool's opinions are half as bad as his choice of subject matter and lack of a second draught.   Last time I checked in with him, he was very concerned about Captain Marvel movie review conspiracy theory.
Uh, no. A vote for Stein is a vote for Stein and no one else. Your logic is faulty.
Australia isn't a safe haven. 

And also more countries (that aren't "safe havens" will become very attractive if a wealth tax is imminent). 

I don't know about your claim but I'd be interested if you have an article talking about how they would actually clean it up.
 Hands and feet is where the real masters show their stuff. What we have here is an artist with a gimmick and mediocre techinical ability skills

Yup. Just like the people in those two portraits. All gimmick, no real skills.
Absolutely stunning. Brutal. Spread this like fire.﻿
Eh, I think it's a smart move. If events unfold such that she is the best bet to get a Democrat in office in 2020 she should run. I don't think that scenario is that likely, but she may as well leave the door slightly ajar.
I am delighted to hear of officers coming forward with testimony. I think if police want to restore their credibility with the public, they need to stop covering up for bad officers. 
 Reporter: You'd like me to get the hell out of here [inaudible] call the police.


You'd like me to get the hell out of here and I'd like to call the police.


Keep the room dark
Caroline Lucas is like the French rugby team. Sometimes truly, truly brilliant, sometimes truly dire.
I’m pretty sure it’s referring to the whole ideal of the single-family house, especially the enormous house with a big lawn, which is super wasteful of space and water
Pretty long posts for an exhausted guy.  I think you're not bored of it...  You're jazzed and angry and nervous.
Almost the entire GOP called him every name under the sun at one point and he works with them. But also he's a thin skinned child.
Correct, I replied to your comment with a calm explanation. Now I'm saying goodbye.
In the lottery, you're just paying money for money, the chances of getting at least 1 grand are very small, and it's not even worth it.
When Barr was being confirmed, I recall hearing that the Barr and Mueller families were tight. 

How accurate was that?

Will there be awkwardness at the summer BBQ’s?
I'm not sure what you're getting at. There were two special elections for the state house.
- Meticulously planned
- Room full of guns
- Drilling
- Leaves door ajar

...
Dry your eyes mate. I know it's hard to take but their mind has been made up.
I’m assuming that you’re trying to make light of the situation. Because, if [URL] you’re fucking retarded.
Dats nasty!
Yeah possibly, I have a lot more patience in discussion with fellow JBP members than I do radicals on FB/Twitter though lol. But either way the bias is there and it's crystal clear. 
It's a bit of a meme, as well as a recognition for the glorious nature of the Hohenstaufen dynasty (which is unfortunately extinct).
Here in America, we have this designated area for protest. We call it public property. We get to have guns to defend ourselves too. It's a pretty cool place.
Why would cops and military be shooting blue haired college students? Sounds more like a twisted, right wing fantasy than a real prediction
Sometimes I'm wary when someone is supposedly doxxed,

Voters have a right to know what their elected officials stand for and don't stand for.  
We will see in November just how well Americans liked the Democrats impeachment. After the sham Russia collusion and the excellent economy it will be a revealing election.
There are lots of left libertarians here. Stick around with an open mind, you may find ancom is not all it's cracked up to be.
Russian reserve funds are completely depleted. They asked Mooch for a loan. Scaramucci said maybe with the right interest.
I don’t recognize your username so that means you haven’t made a take hot enough to be memorable
Please be wary of the terms used when politicians describe their education plans. Debt-free is not the same as tuition-free.
He looked so happy to have won: [URL]
1.9% with rare cuts, tax cuts and increased government spending isn’t impressive at all.
No doubt she has resting bitch face. An ugly one at that. Pretty sure she is an ogre. But facial contortions and grimacing are a sure symptom of Asperger's.
Melania gonna need a lot of energy to keep Trump calm during impeachment !
"Yes Master Chief, it is an honor. I'm sure you will win bigly. Oh and tell that gorgeous blue lady in the Tron swimsuit hello from Baron, he's a yuge fan, believe me."
Weird thing to say though.  Difficult to see many people both mourning the loss of empire and being friends with Tusk.
This is the twice-convicted pedophile with VIP access to the Trump White House, right? Yeah, not super credible…
So let me get this straight: you believe the government/wealthy elites are out to get you and you still don't think that's a good enough reason to arm yourself to protect you and your family? You are a special type of stupid.
Only have the x100 on this account. Too funny.
How is this not bribery? Or some law broken here...
I don't pay attention to him he's a loud mouthed jerk.

Probably why you like him?

Last time I watched him and only time was when he was crying about Trump winning. I guess I will watch that again in 2020.
It’s weird but I feel like all the negative attention Harris got just shifted to Buttegieg.

Like, they couldn’t criticize him at all if they had a black woman to attack.
The twisted irony of calling out media for bias, while simultaneously creating new media that espouses bias doesn't escape me.  There are plenty of news sources that are positioned to jump on the role reversal.  One's even poised to run a chyron on it 24 hours a day.
Another ugly GOP who takes public shits from one of his face holes.
What choice is there? Letting either program die would result in our streets being crowded with the starving and terminally ill. There goes your country.
History has been unkind to John Ruskin, he of the beard and the wedding-night disaster. In fact, he was a prophet for our times.
So old, he was already petrified when dinosaurs were alive
Dam you and your CO2 polluting fireplace!!!!!!  Looks snug by the way.....
The way he was asked about David Duke on CNN was crystal clear. People don't need to make excuses for Trump; he's an intelligent guy. Let's dispel with this fiction that Trump didn't know what he was being asked. He knew exactly what he was being asked.
Pretty much everything can be spun in a bad way. Rambling vs terse. Nervous vs. excessively calm. Eyes are dilated vs pinpoint. Car is spotless vs trashed. Person is jumpy vs lethargic. etc. 
Tulsi kneecapped him in the last debate and he looked like a scared child. With Tulsi on our side we're getting a clear lane.
Republicans complaining about a ‘sense of decorum’ is the ultimate pot calling the kettle black.
Don’t forget about all of those special coins they made for the meeting!
I'm not sad, but I'm angry. I've been scared and angry for a couple of years now.
Link is broken.
Attractive people usually lean towards the conservative side. The left is a living proof of that. All they got is purple-haired landwhales and either obese or dangerously skinny soycucks.
Uhoh. The first snowflake is definitely gonna do some angry retweeting from his golf course now. Watch out world!
The irony is hilarious
Nah he's in it till the end. His billionaire war chest is too big.
The unforgettable Ms. cryin Schemer 
That was really ridiculous on the part of the moderator. Every other person up there likes to go off on tangents that have nothing to do with the question and Bernie was intending to bring climate change around to the question and they just made him look stupid.
So, I know [this poll]([URL]) was kinda faulty but the fact that potentially 40% of hispanics would vote for Trump is fucking nuts.
Human race spoilers: we go extinct and none of this shit matters at all. So just enjoy yourself.

---
I'm a cheerfully nihlistic bot created by /u/xxxxx | [source code]([URL])
Poorly fitted dentures?  

A bit tipsy?

Senile?
Their identity is paper thin and the illusion is shattered when the world doesn’t play along.
So he has 500 million of the 1.5 billion he needs next year.  Where will he get the rest of the 1 billion?  Seems like he's already exhausted every avenue and bribe he could just getting that 500 million.  
He probably clicked through all submissions of his video on reddit.  
I like the ca 100 obligatory assurances that they're absolutely not conservative in a 1:40 video.

&#x200B;
Sticky notes are more secure than passwords with low entropy, password1234567 whatever.  Particularly when the facility has armed guards.
The left is just a label now to describe the worst of humanity, a collective, unspoken alliance of like minded self absorbed assholes. Every dark emotion or twisted pathology of the human condition gathers and unites under the lefts single ideological and political giant tent.
Spot on there. They have to give something so people who want to vote Tory can justify to themselves. 

I will likely vote conservative this election, and honestly I think Boris should have done the interview. He should have sat there and defended his position with pride.
Saying uninvited, poor, hungry and sick white Europeans are “immigrants” while brown people are “illegals” is white supremacy in action for those still in denial.
He's not filthy rich compared to trump or the Clintons,  compared to John Q public however...
I mean I'm pretty openly a grumpy trumpist and I  have positive karma here.


Maybe you're just a dick?
People think he was a good actor for playing angry roles... in reality he's just an angry little man.  There was no acting.. just him being himself.
No you just typed an overly complicated sentence which usually means that you're trying to sound intelligent.
God, these people are deranged, sick, lunatics. If I were in a position of power I'd have them all committed to some sort of mental health facility.
Just a little bit of light treason.
Unless you are terminally ill you get placed on a waiting list for years during which time you get counseling to determine if your desire is rational.
The silence from the resident cultural Marxists is deafening.

The Liberal Democrats really need to expel this joker. Several people have been expelled from UKIP and even from other parties for much less.

My initial reaction to this was that It must be an April Fools prank, but apparently not.
Wait so my direct source that succinctly and directly debunks a false summary is not allowed.

That's a problem for your platform.


You just buried the truth.
Just pintinf out how misleading the article is. The headline implies Muslims are more tolerant of gays then Christians when in fact the article shows that Christians are more tolerant by a huge, gigantic margin. 
With her monolithic petrified look? Not a chance. 
Who voted for someone representing the people with a hideous hairdo like that.  It's hard to hear her/his point while you look at that hideous mop.   
Tm helped turn the tide in seats like this one. Big problem ahead, speaking to traditional seats like this and younger voters.
She's so hideous
yes cause tornados in tornado ally is global warming and hasnt been occuring for centuries

this filthy communist needs to die
I hope Trump's anus is clean when you're licking it OP.
It seems people want it both ways antifa are somehow "skinny armed fags" and an extremely dangerous terrorist organization worse even than any fascist could be. I would agree with the legitimacy thing though with all this two sides of a coin narrative.
Do you think that woman would have been able to fight off that pig of a man without a firearm multiplying the force she had available to her?  
  
Should she have just bent over for him and hoped for the best? Prayed for the patriarchy to protect her?  
  
Sounds real progressive
Trump standing creepily behind that dude with his tiny af hands.
But it is representative of status quo, pro-monarchism, which I'd argue is a definite political bent.  Not political in sense of left/right but definitely some sort of affirmation of monarchy.
the irony is deafening
The ignorance is deafening.  This is VERY much like a zombie apocalypse.  Except the zombies aren't gross looking. 
I could just see him going to his study, turning on his desk lamp, opening the books and then pouring a glass of scotch.. glasses on, hand to chin, then saying "what do you think you can hide from me?"

&lt;theme music
The silence is deafening! Every politician who has not specifically condemned Muslim terrorism by sundown is complicit in this attack, according to the media's rules. 
[URL]

And how many die of starvation? Food “insecurity” is such subjective bs 

we literally spend **70 billion** on SNAP. If people are starving throwing money at the problem sure isn’t the solution 

[URL]
I get what you're saying and I agree with the fact that climate change is a real problem, but Fargo still cold af. Like colder than most people will ever experience. Can we get some of that warm this winter, please?
So when their stock tanks even more, should I buy it (stocks not the company outright)? I feel like the NYT will inevitably recover as it is an unforgettable brand in American media. 
Well, until it turns out some other FBI staff member said something unkind about the serial, marital cheater; serial bankrupt; habitual liar? Then there will be more purges, just like Stalin! The FBI must be politically reliable!
Glad to hear it's not all bad! My Melbourne friend had nothing but gripes.

As for myself and my military experience, I can safely speak for 99.8% of veterans when I say our United States Government Run Hospitals are not good.
That's because 80% of vets are Republican. We have seen the cost of war. What happened to the left being anti war? Also who needs troops when you have predators drones and pmcs. Pulling out of Obama war was gonna inventiabiliy be ugly.
No, I haven't made any allegations against his campaign. No matter how hard you want to distort it to fit your finger pointing game, those articles aren't referencing me at all.
Im a 23 year old undergrad and alot of my 19 year old classmates dont seem to remember anything about the last labour government (for good or bad)
Sorry, *possible*. BC and Quebec have so much hydro they don't need nuclear. But the Prairies, need to stay warm in winter when solar doesn't perform as well and wind isn't always present. 

Leaving fossil fuels and nuclear.
Trump's timing is impeccable.  VSG!  VSG!
Writing sex scenes is fucking difficult, mostly because all the English words for genitalia sound terrible.  

I mean, finish this sentence in a way that's romantic without sounding like a bad joke or just weird.  "You have a very lovely (insert any term for genitalia here)."
im annoyed they don't carry the scary .223 or 7.62x39 any more. kowtowing to the liberals. i wont shop there if i can avoid it.
Decentralized statism, non-functional and functional. I can provide examples of both.

I have yet to see an anarchy functioning as an army without any kind of hierarchy.
thanks free :):):)
Most can.A women having a kid in their mid 40s is not that rare.  Menopause average starting age is around 50.
Every single person who came here from 1492 until 1882 came here just as illegally as anyone else that shows up looking to make a better life for themselves.  This thrashing and twisting because you're unhappy with yourself is unAmerican by definition and you should feel ashamed and the drive to pull yourself up.
Okay, but I wouldn't be so poor and disenfranchised as so be a political extremist who cries about coups like a fucking loser
While I agree avenatti is a true patriot, Mueller is the one who will inevitably go down as an unforgettable American hero.
It's kind of a bummer that we get to look back at all these sick WW2 and Cold War era propaganda posters but our grandkids will just have incomprehensible Trump tweets, Sean Hannity clips, and dumpster-tier Turning Point memes to look at from our era
FWIW the surgery he's famous for resulted in one dead and one non-functional with the mother lamenting that they decided to do it in the first place. 
Calm down Mr. Pounce.
It's also hilarious that this old white dude was in their "Young Guns" program. It's very emblematic of the GOP problem.
Each was using an ugly stick...


I kinda think they hit her with it more than once myself...

Just sayin..
I was a faulty fuse away from being vapourised by those cunts.

Sounds interesting, care to explain ?
Attacking Elisabeth Warren when we have an antogonist like Donald Trump is idiotic; this strategy will only fracture the Democratic effort and make it easier for Trump to win.
but I do think it is representative of how a lot of black or Latinos feel in the country right now, without a figurehead with their experiences in life.   
    
really? sheesh you must have never thought about being an asian male then.
"Debonair and unflappable"


But the Republicans hate the poor white people too, or at least are indifferent to them. These poor white people would greatly be helped by healthcare for all  and other safety nets, but the Republicans they elect would never dream of doing anything to help those they dupe into supporting them.
I know literally 100s of Trump voters as I live in the south. Not a single one is destitute or disadvantaged by any objective standard.
Yeah his base is pretty loud and ugly at those rallies.
He grew up in a period of zealous patriotism in which any questioning of leadership could get you persecuted. He sees those protesting Trump as similarly anti-American for being unhappy with their country. It's no surprise that it might carry over this far.
Obligatory: Vote for Beto.
It won't have anything explosive that isn't under a black bar anyway.
The first anti-brexiter typing implied remain was spotless. *That is who I disputed*. Why even pretend that you're not moving the goalposts?


This is crystal clear
This is embarassing. Poor guy should have at least been allowed to have a highpoint. ffs.
Why is it ridiculous, its worked pretty well over the years
I wasn’t thinking so much of sleeping with the most attractive guys, I was thinking of the class aspect.

I am delighted if a woman shares my interest, but I am not really concerned about drive or social mobility. This is where I am more confused.
I don’t know about you fellas but I’m backing Joris Bonson and his haunted pencil friend. They tell me what I like to hear  and that makes my brain warm
It's disgusting that the media still hasn't called him on faking endorsements of black people.
So yes just because they’re small and “evil.” Very academic definition of cult you got there,
I don’t know this guy. But his words are like cool water in a parched desert
the military-style vehicle, known as a BearCat, was being used by a Homeland Security Special Response Team to arrest a criminal suspect™™
  
pussies 😂
Why are chemical weapons considered "a line which must not be crossed" and yet depleted uranium ammunition is considered perfectly acceptable?
impossible to refute evidence.  They are refuting, ergo its not? I dunno how they keep coming up with this.
Scary stuff, you're probably on thin ice for publically sharing your story though. 

It might be safer to delete this...
I disagree with Rogan's comparison but to be fair, his comparison ended up being largely to the outcome regarding "harassment" of Rubin.  I still think that's a faulty parallel but it makes a bit more sense than a comparison between the initial acts
Yeah funny that ...I wonder what it says about Russian donors to the Conservative party?
I agree. The left are mentally damaged but that is just false. Also maybe an unpopular opinion on here but I have never believed that he was not a US citizen, unlike the left I need some type of concrete proof before I believe in something.
A man of integrity is so rare today that we see it as a weakness. And yet thatcher, attlee FDR and many other leaders of conviction would have said the same.
honestly ive been a tankie for years but im still shitfaced drunk after the election
The article directly quotes the Deputy Police Chief saying exactly what I mentioned above. Did you read the same article as the one that OP posted?

Deputy Police Chief Ed Tomba said the officers ordered Tamir to "show your hands" three times from the ajar passenger door
lol, pretty much.
Twisted Sister?
money wins elections not votes. aside from that, the proponents of legalization are scarce on election day. they fuck themselves by not voting. The voters are mostly older people who grew up in the anti marijuana propaganda era. The number that we need to see is what % of registered voters support legalization. 
Obligatory Fuck Matt Gaetz.
Should have arrested those complainers.

Instead, those 'educators' cucked out and bent the knee to libtardation.
The guy she is pouring bleach on in the top photo isn't even on a crowded bench. There is plenty of room for at least three people to sit next to him also with a wide stance. You can't be considered rude when there is no one you are being rude to.
Welcome aboard! Consider donating $10 @ [[URL]]([URL]). The fact that you are a first time unique contributed helps in more ways than just the $10 face value.
As opposed to Ted Cruz, the visually unsettling gay Cuban. 
Is there something wrong with dentures? Do you hate old people?
 According to the arrest warrant for the officer, the door had allegedly been slightly ajar in the first place and pushed completely open by the key insertion.

And the twitter videos of that exact building show that's literally impossible with the designs of the doors.
Results are not published yet I did wager. But for a while you most likely will have to sift through. I'd recommend getting a list of safe seats and then ignoring them and testing every other constituency.
I'm starting to wonder if the boomers thought Rocky ended the cold war with his speech at the end of Rocky IV and then we became allies.
All the goodies are gone, must've been tasty! OMG, I spy BTE reppin'!
Should have taken a pic of the guy and plastered it on social media. What a coward.
Right? It took me a hot minute after joining to 'get' that jargon. haha
And here come the sanctions on them all.. their choice bad time to defy trump wonder how NATO goes?
Kinda funny how you assume I haven't been the victim of a sexual assault.
The only rational decision is euthanasia for somebody that is terminally ill.  Even then, I wouldn’t put “euthanasia” as the cause of death on the certificate.  

There is no rational decision to commit suicide.  There is always something infringing on the person.
Maybe they did get a lot of diapers for their newborn. We sure did. We didn't realize though we like huggies snug and dry much more than pampers or other huggies we had. 
Turley has bad blood for schiff for a case they were on opposite sides of 10 years ago. That’s why gop called him.
It's rare a Nigel Farage quote comes in handy but Tim Farron does have the personality of a damp rag.
Well, there's that old maxim about criminals returning to the scene of the crime...
Can't lie, that was pretty hot
Costco is a niche market that's also unavailable for a lot of people. For example, as a single guy who makes very little money Costco kind of sucks. 
That must be an awfully small toilet brush. Bottle brushes work well.

And, you know, provided you dry them thoroughly and oil afterward, you can clean them with soap and water.
Cool thanks!
I can’t believe it’s even handled that way. The more you learn about US politics the more ridiculous it appears.
People are tired. That one hour actually makes a lot of difference in terms of wakefulness. You basically have an entire population driving to work where everyone is tipsy.
5k people across dozen cities is upheaval these days? In a country of what...80 million? Wishful thinking I would say and watching CNN and FOX jumping on this is unsettling to say the least.
Don't think for one second that them being black women will stop the left from calling them white chauvinist nazi supremacists.
There is anti-semitism, it’s there in most major parties.

I do feel however Labour gets the lions share when it comes to coverage on it, and part of that stems from certain promises he’s made (such as recognising Palestine as its own state etc).
Half(ish) of the country is hard right? What's center right, then?
Khan's Kinky Lick Pee Palace is delighted to hear this news.
They don’t care about anything that contradicts their broken thoughts
You mean no evidence apart from the thousands of pieces of historic documentation that scholars have been pouring over for centuries 

Read the writings of Gary Habermas, Mike Licona, Craig Blomberg and Dan Wallace and you'll get a proper education.

As a courtesy to our host this will be my final comment on this tangent
Impossible! I was told we needed to focus on single payer, free college and the Green New Deal to win. This is rigged somehow
Apples to apples, sure is tasty.

Who says that? Seriously. 
Simply Stunning
They wouldn't be embarrassed is the thing. Sure maybe one or 2 cops gets annoyed that someone satirically called them gang members, but the police face worse PR things than this every day
pouring

'poring' over the bill
No he’s not. He actually has a valid reason to be wary and suspicious of other people, considering his father was beaten to death in his own fucking driveway by a strange person his father didn’t know.
gorgeous hand [URL] to be proud pede!  NICE!
Funny, Ed Milliband (UK Oppisition leader a few years ago) did exactly this, to, uh “mixed” reaction.
"& SNUG OMMA"

/s
My wife and I took our honeymoon there three years ago. We didn't leave the resort. The cab ride from the airport to our resort was pretty unsettling.
We're only funding fencing, so either he'll take it or he'll shut the government down again.

TD on suicide watch either way. I've been pretty parched and am in need of a cold glass of Repub tears to wash down my cold hamberders.
You don't want truth. You want to control the discussion with your bias. Reddit is perfect for you. Enjoy.
Vice President Elect, Mike Pence, is Trump's greatest insurance policy.  The militant cucked left is absolutely petrified of his conservative values.  

Brilliant pick by Trump!
The U.S. government is completely non-functional.

I mean, when requiring cooperation from the legislative and executive branches the past 6 years under Obama and the last 2 years under Bush, it largely was non-functional. 
I'm exaggerating, but one time I accidentally told the super hot receptionist at my doctors office 'ok, love you' when getting off the phone. That was like 15 years ago and it's still with me.
Pale View + Remains of the Day = An Artist

Read *The Buried Giant* if you haven't 

Read *The Unconsoled* last, it's very long and dense but absolutely gorgeous

*When We Were Orphans* is meh, but I still liked it
On the nerdy side

* Windows vs Mac
* AWS vs Azure
* iPhone vs Android

More broadly

* Open office plan vs traditional
* Low fat vs low carb
* filtered vs bottled
Giving loans to the destitute isn't sustainable.
How's that tin hat fitting you? A little too snug? Thought so.
His hands ARE so tiny. 😆😆😆😆
I swear to God it's always the ~~stupidest~~least intelligent people.

Do you think she was an illegal student at her University or something? Just take **two seconds** to read my comment more than once and try to remember how to read a full sentence.
Now, that’s a mic drop! Who is in the small chair now?
And a broken voting system.
The British public grew tired of the anti-democratic forces that tried to scuttle Brexit. Maybe there's a lesson in this for the Democrats, regarding a certain election of 2016.
My sister just got this for me as well. I have the audiobook on Audible, but I prefer to read as well. Perfect gift, imho.
Yes. Instead we get to have states with a tiny population have as much say as states like California! Flawless design
Scalding hot take: Maybe, just maybe, with the state of US politics, the world is better off because of it.
Well fuck, why didn't we think of this earlier?  That's goddamned brilliant.
I suspect that if the Left were able to pass a law restricting gun purchases whereby only one store or perhaps zero stores per state could profitably operate, the Right would correctly scream bloody murder.  The intent would be as transparent as these laws are.
She has the Charisma of a damp Rag 
To be fair, Trump is the first president to be transparent about China fucking us over economically, but tariffs certainly aren't the answer.
Ah yes the accusation of jews being turned into soap, as well as the accusations of their skin being used as lampshades and the testimony of a camp survivor saying that the camp commander jacked off to sick and twisted games of pain between the inmates.
This is super misleading. It’s 100k dreamers who until they hit 18 were already covered federally
You’re all making it sound like they jumped the fence and got their blue shield card and destitute Americans are the ones footing the bill.
California’s tax brackets and structure say different.
Any state participating in the compact could quit at any time by repealing their own state law. 

They could even do it between Election Day and when the electoral college meets if the party in power in that state happens to be unhappy with the results. 
The woman is a whack job and this is her retooling of 'the devil made me do it' to 'god inspired me', not amusing. I am so sick of these people getting wound up over something that has nothing to do with them and feel entitled to threaten murder. The hypocrisy is deafening.

95,000 illegals on voter rolls in Texas, 11,000 illegals on voter rolls in Pennsylvania. These are the ones we know of so far. It's only the tip of the iceberg. It should be crystal clear now what the democrat's motivations are. 
Here's my guess, his surge in the polls caused him to actually get his marching orders. He frames a lot of things in a  right wing light which drives me insane. But in all honestly I think this is who he has been all along.
There's a taco place in my hood and it serves the most mediocre unremarkable tacos for two bucks too much. So disappointing.

Good value margs tho
Yeah, thats why I asked what does he actually think about the actual content of it since he seems well read and knowledgeable on the topic
Care to explain why Hindus shrinking in Pakistan and about to extinct? 
Are you living with Imran Khan silver spoon...
will there be payment for childcare for those that can't afford it because they have to take a low wage paying job?
Yeah sorry, I don't buy it. McConnell would never be caught asleep at the wheel and Kentucky is too Republican on the whole to flip. McConnell's unpopularity makes his races closer than a Generic R, but the fundamentals of the state will keep it red at the federal level.
I didn't see Harris dropping out this soon but I think you're right. It's time to thin the field.
I thought "Rocket **Boy**" would be a better choice.

But, I can't deny that at least in the Western world, everyone immediately thinks of the Elton John song.  And that reinforces the meme, making it practically unforgettable.
I wonder if it was really the actual girl on the show.  If it were me, I would be petrified to show my face.  
first time i've ever laughed out loud at a political cartoon
\   What US did is unforgettable to and no in future will ever trust US ever again as allies.

&#x200B;

I doubt that.  I'm pretty sure there will still be plenty of groups begging for Uncle Sam's protection.
These conspiracy theories are hilarious.
Asians are seen as "honorary white" or have "white-adjacent privilege." This is a notion I disagree with, but it's likely part (or almost wholly) why people don't seem to care about racism towards Asian Americans.
I have a crisp c-note but I'm parched at the moment.  Total cotton mouth.  Gotta sit this one out. 
Truly. He was also unhappy about the end of cops being able to search a car because they claimed to smell marijuana. Ed Markey should run laps around him in MA.
Tim Kaine drank an O'doul's, got a little "tipsy" and passed out.
While the second option would be more expensive I cannot imagine it being such a huge problem that it would bankrupt the entire program. How many people are terminally ill? I can't imagine it being a huge number.
Cool! I assume you are perfectly fine with impeaching him for no reason but this is news worthy...?
HAHA. I too remember absolute nonsensical parallels with that ancient times. You scared of paying more tax or something ?
Being tipsy at 8 on a Tuesday night hours who tf up 
Well, first of all, it sounds like the equivalent of "ajar", but for your mouth. 

"He got a pretty decent margin on the faulty system that is so easily exploited and rigged by a small number of people that it's absolutely ludicrous by most nations."

FTFY.
Only seen her in dress attire. Haven't seen her in tight fitting jeans until now. Fuck.
They've been Nevertrumpers for a while.  They dislike the fact that he says the quiet part loud but they're fine with what he does.
Think this post is irrelevant as well but you’re kind of naive if you think culture isn’t significant. Have you ever read about the KGB’s efforts during the Cold War to take morality out of American culture? Pretty eye opening.
Hahahaha check out my website. That should quiet you.
We also know the history of how those words spread and when they did.  Denying the popularity of those words when they spread is fucking idiotic.

It’s kind of ridiculous to read all of this shit and not draw lines together from it.
It's worthwhile to [have a look at what they are proposing]([URL]). Alaska wants to give public lands to private commercial interests and open the entire Tongass National Forest to logging. 

This is a mistake that cannot be undone, so get the message out!
Right but he isn't racist so his ideas have arguably been perverted for a racist cause. Kinda like how cults will use the bible. It's brilliant.
No, I'm just trying to form a general consensus from what I've seen, I could be completely wrong in the end it's just a prediction. Damn people are getting really bent out of shape over an opinion. 
Warren is pretty tight with the party, she'd be fine. Sanders, they'll fight against, as they have before.
Well I’m doing just fine in this “unfair” system.

Crazy how hard work and not making idiotic decisions make life in America great.

Literally "I got mine. Fuck the rest of you engage your bootstraps"

You're like a caricature of a human being
That should’ve, in a just universe, been his ‘Ed Milliband eating a bacon sandwich in a slightly unsettling fashion’ moment.
The most brilliant model the world has never seen!
Hamas and hezbollah have stated that they would actually prefer all the Jews come to Israel to make it easier to kill them all.

The Palestinians don’t want two states, they want the Jews gone or preferably dead and extinct
Thankfully no. I really would rather those people find menial jobs and an unhappy marriage and go leave the rest of the world alone.
Ah, so life already bent you over and fucked you in the ass so you go and try to take it out on random people on the internet. Checks out, you are quite literally retarded and fucked in the head. I almost feel sorry for you.
Cool.

Enjoy your AIDS.

Enjoy your inability to reproduce.

Enjoy saying you’re “married”, but continue to have group sex.

You should be shamed.
She has the charisma of a damp rag, and the appearance of a low-grade bank clerk 
They act embarrassed and unhappy, but only because they are confronted by you in that moment. I'm sure when they are alone they are delighted at what Kenney is doing, and are pleased that "the gays" and libs and *insert various slurs here* are getting what they think they deserve.
FINALLY we get to enjoy idiotic american right-wing talking points from the comfort of our own homes. What a time to be alive.
 For people that are diagnosed with terminally ill cancers, I don't see the need for such a long and protecting process.

Unapproved drugs can be used in special circumstances. They're called "experimental treatments."
Many were taught to think for themselves during the Trump campaign.  

Many are awoke now and see through your twisted lies!
The girl in the glasses behind witness is so happy at this testimony.
While we should definitely have a historical NIST to understand these events and improve our resistance to them.

We also need to be wary of just digging up the past so we can rebury it, but angrily. 
I remember hearing this said to democrats when Loretta Lynch met Bill Clinton in private while she was investigating his wife. They were certainly not transparent, whoever while I doubt they were just talking about golf, that meeting suggested corruption, it was not in itself corruption without evidence.
what? canada has tight border [URL] at least did.
Also revealed to be generally unhappy insecure men.
Guess what. People evolve. I have. 

An honorable lifelong dedicated public servant lost to a filthy low life and  greedy coward  Republican party. That's the bottom line in stone. Enjoy your legacy ya stupid motherfuckers.
Your username is a typo lmao brilliant
It's also a fact that water is wet
You have to move somewhere with hard winters if you want to thin the herd of lefties. 

They have no self-reliance and no work ethic, so they can’t live where things aren’t done for them.
People getting angry at each other is protected under the first amendment. So long as the anger doesn't boil to violence
This is true, and it's great. Things are now being said that were unthinkable just 4 years ago. Our ideas are pouring into the mainstream. I really think we can win, especially if there's another crisis.
This seems like the kind of content someone who wants to see the left fail would make.
I'm pretty sure she binges and purges on hummingbird tongues and sundry items off the endangered species list to keep herself entertained, as well as to force the servants to keep her vomitorium spotless. 
nasty granddaughter french kisser.
I am beyond sick of this timeline and this fat fraudulent fuck compromising our national security and republic's future for his own gains while a good percentage of American voters don't believe he should be impeached or removed from office. 

Beyond sick of this fucking shit.
He could have used his office as a bargaining chip and resign. The longer he stays, the more likely they throw the book at him...I hope.
See that's the thing.

This dude is actually qualified for the job he's being nominated for.  

And Sue was supposed to be in charge, and she's extremely qualified.

It really makes me wonder if they have blackmail on this guy.  I mean Flynn's resume is impeccable too.
More like Eat White People
lol why would Warren drop out to play VP to an old geezer who she is beating? He's losing. He's ancient. he almost died a few weeks ago. Its not happening.
I think that in the midst of the whole 'too many from same eton/harrow/westminster, too many from same unis' shite we are plastered with we often forget that they are the best schools/unis in the country 
Why is this guy always so angry
As someone else said.. there's an excess supply of labor, which corresponds to a shortage of jobs... just looking at it from different angles, but thank you for your impeccable attention to detail. 
It’s politics. Bernie didn’t drop out when it was mathematically impossible for him to win even if had swept the last month in 2016. I don’t think it’s fair to tell people to drop [URL] Let’s wait until after the first 4.
Or perhaps it shows that the Tory deals were so bad that even those who were happy with delivering Brexit initially couldn’t stomach it once they saw what they were being served?
I'm thinking if they can't get Ronny Jackson, they will get someone equally as shameless to claim that while Trump is over the weight to be considered obese he actually is not obese because most of it is muscle.
Its truly horrific levels of hypocrisy to take out unsympathetic dictators in the name of spreading democracy while at the same time backing coups of unsympathetic democraticly elected leaders.
Well just pretend the GOP is perfect then

Are you legit retarded? Or are you just concern trolling?
broken and defeated
Most PR and community managers that I know are smart and generally unflappable until the point where they either stop needing to care because they're getting out of the game, or they feel that they're in a position where the dirty laundry they're about to air will I'm some way benefit them.
Add a few 000s to that amount and they still won't be close to an appropriate penalty. They need to take every penny he has left after the divorce. 

Alex Jones should be a grumbling angry hermit living under a bridge somewhere.
TIL interpreting facts is the same as open heart surgery
Aye I am, if scotland can’t break away from Britain then that’s me fucked most likely.

This government is bad fucking news for me.
The 15% threshold to get any delegates makes sure that the weak candidates are filtered out early, and then if one person gets the larger share of delegates in the first few races, then the momentum for that candidate is hard to stop.
Pasty white chubby conservative bromance vergining on the homoerotic. Ewwwww.
do you just not like sci-fi?

at minimum they're campy, have action, and a lot of cool concepts
She is going to get so drunk this holiday season. Someone should try to infiltrate her family Christmas by dating one of her nieces or nephews, and report back with footage.
[/new](/r/neoliberal/new): [You may be "cool", but you'll never be smoking a stoogie while giving testimony to congress level of cool. RIP to this legend](/r/neoliberal/comments/e8jovq/you_may_be_cool_but_youll_never_be_smoking_a/)

*Replies to this comment will be removed, please participate in the linked thread*
This simply proves Biden is a horseshoe candidate and thus is a filthy populist
“These hacked RNC emails? Well obviously we didn’t want to show you content that was completely boring, uninteresting and legal that we didn’t bother publishing them!!”
Kelly Marie Tran is actually quite attractive and not fat. Not sure wtf the costume designers problem with her was
Dude, you have no idea how exhausted I am.  I go from schadenfreude to rage so much lately.  

[Reminds me of Nixon.  This is a Doonesbury comic from 1974 that fits so well.]([URL])
Trash meme. I’m sorry OP, but we gotta keep our own lawn clean before laughing at the Left’s shit.
How? He sent a letter on House letterhead to AT&T asking for it and AT&T bent over and gave it to him... like they always do.
 She's possibly the best surrogate I've ever seen in my life

I think a lot of people have already forgotten what a great job she did for Trump during the election. She was super slick and made him sound a lot more palatable. 
You know what else doesn't solve issues? *Obvious strawmen.* Taking the extreme views of a tiny minority and applying them to the whole of lib left isn't helpful.
“I’M loOkInG hARd aT aMy KlOBucHaR”

-political genius Bill Maher
Large amounts of this reversal of cuts was done with dodgy tricks like PFI - which ended up an utter catastrophe.
Comrade Stalin offered all the grain in the Ukraine as sacrifice to the gods, who bent the laws of physics to allow collectivization. 
Makes sense why the door was left ajar
To be fair, the Seychelles are fucking beautiful and they have strict environmental laws that wouldn't pass in a Republican environment. 

But they also outlaw homosexuality, so shithole isn't too unkind.
He's still better than four more years of Donald Trump. Primary for Bernie to your heart's content, but when the general election comes around vote blue no matter who
Not really sure what they could ask that disproves or dismantles this testimony.  This is VERY difficult.
Its like shes slightly tipsy, embarrassing man
They can though. Whether or not you approve, and I agree it's a thin line, intent can be a factor, for example, in hate crimes.
Ideally you try to have elections first and keep your powder dry until you’re out of options.
So if you don't like it, it's racist?

It's very clear that there was very poor infrastructure investment in Africa until recently with the Silk road initiative. China realized you can't just give money, you have to go built the shit
He's a Q follower. Don't engage, it's hideous and should not be seen by decent people.
What’s that sound? 

Oh that’s the sound of the Russian collusion train going full speed into a wall. 🚂 

Y’all lost. Accept it. Or not. Either way, the LOLs will be delicious 
This guy has a mini fridge in his office full of Natural Light.
It fascinates me how people often see the Aztecs as violent savages. While definitely primitive by western standards, they were a remarkably sophisticated society, at least in my opinion. While their religious practices were horrific by our standards, their "barbarism" does not compare to that of the conquistadors in many cases.
Hey, now, a lot of the Republicans have spent a great deal of money on cocaine to keep their skeletal physiques. They're not ALL fat.
This bitch had filthy glasses. Who the fuck walks out to a senate hearing with glasses you can barely see through?
There are other disruptions possible. For example disrupt the heating network. Or stop the flow supply by disruption the rail network.
Exactly. She probably walked across the street. What she's exhausted from is being used and manipulated by the human trash that are exploiting her.
Sadly, lot of ignorant poor people do too
Benedict was too old for schiff
Millennials will love this idea, their parents will not. I like Yang, good man, but bad idea.
#**E'ERYBODY IN THE NATION GETTIN' TIPSY!**
He not only tripled it. He also had nothing to show for it. When he left office we had: Stagnant economy, depleted military. Collapsing infrastructure, zero manufacturing growth. And we were dependent on foreign oil. Where did it all go?  
Fucking despicable(illegal?) actions in truly numerous and unforgettable(if not unforgivable) to the point it really is shocking to me as merely a sports fan much less simply as a human.
Every leader is made fun of (perhaps you forgot unearthed pictures if Trudeau in black face), . The difference is that they know how to act serious in serious situations, whereas Trump is a clown 24/7
Freezing your eggs to further your career is a feminist idea. I don't have to play word games with you for that to be true. I don't give a single shit how she identifies, that doesn't change anything.


To keep us amused on rainy days? Look, in the theory of evolution nature does not want anything, that's not how natural selection works. It's understandable to look at it like that I suppose, sorry if I was harsh, not a morning person.
Bernie is subject to so many such attacks that it's impossible to count them.
Pretty sure he's showing the early signs of dementia

That hairy legs video was hard to watch
the scare used to be “global freezing” in the 70’s
Remain will always win with a 3rd option but no deal an no brexit will be tight 
It's hilarious how you're too scared to answer what race you are.
Sure, Ohio. And a majority of those people's opinions, thoughts and views are factually wrong in every possible level. But at least America's great... yay?
Always be wary what a Republican claims as “sacred traditions” in anything.
Thanks for contributing so generously and MAXING OUT! You get a special max out flair 🕊️🕊️🕊️

#Anyone else feel like [matching OP with a max out donation?]([URL])
No, not really. The only way Bernie being VP is a positive is if she is terminally ill.
Seems like paid propaganda by warren’s campaign. DNC is scared of Bernie, Tulsi and Yang
Ethnic cleansing could just mean kicking people out of a certain area, not necessarily killing them. Of course, that's a pretty thin distinction if you're sending them somewhere where there is not adequate food and shelter.
The downfall of the left is they think they are the smartest people in the room.  Really they are just stunning examples of the Dunning-Kruger effect.  Look at you right now.  There's a reason the mods haven't deleted your post.  You're a joke.
Yes, healthier food is generally cheaper than the processed foods that are bought. Rice, beans, and some veggies is very cheap compared to processed food. The unhealthy food is the luxury item.
I understand this is supposed to be a cool, dramatic shot next to the crashing waves, but her pants must be soaked after that
 Why someone should get a free house?

For one, they are not free. Most people who live in council houses work and pay rent.

In fact, council houses are generally run at a modest profit for the local council.
This is going to be massive. Sleepy Joe is done for.
Calm down mate, no reason to get angry.
I think that in private they do. Influential antisocialists like Bush and Trump probably just pretend to be clueless when they’re out in public so that people are less likely to suspect them of wilful dishonesty.
Well thanks for admitting you're a nasty English bastard, I'm glad we could all get that far.

See ye.

👍
I hope that's an old pic.  Darn things are almost extinct.  Not cool. At all.
I said neither is very palatable. That is not the same thing as saying "both sides".
Similar to how destitute women whore themselves out when they have nothing else going for them. 
My kids are delighted that now I call coffee Covfefe. 
this is [that gorka thing]([URL]) but unironic and cool
She was hideous in 21 jump street. I have no clue how she turned out like this much less get cast for that role.
They are not obese
The irony of this is delicious 
Stolen guns sold on the black market...
Dessicated thyroid can in some cases work better than levothyroxine, at least in some patients.

Given Hillary's excessive need for rest and low energy levels, I suspect no regimen is helping her symptomatically to a satisfactory degree.  Desiccated thyroid may simply be the best they can do.

Otherwise I agree with you.

Space age society dark age medical coverage. What a future.
Our very existence is like scalding acid upon the snakes. GOOD
 A guy that was as "bigger than what passes for normal" as her would have a beer gut, and we would (rightly) call him fat.

I think that has more to do with general society being more accepting of chubby but not obese guys than chubby but not obese women.
Here we are Trumpsuckers - you've damaged your country in ways that may take decades to recover from even if recovery is possible.

Black people didn't do it, immigrants didn't do it, not the Deep State, Soros, Jews, Muslims, or Hollywood. 

You did it.
Not a good idea for people like us. It's okay if you're a billionaire.
Good work, Tulsi.  Now nobody likes you.

Conservatives disapprove because you wouldnt protect strong daddy.

Democrats arent happy becuase you wont vote to impeach an obviously criminal president.
Yup. Notes are admissible in court and always just a great habit to keep to be able to correct something if someone paints you in a bad light. Honestly no one will ever question you either if you whip out notes to affirm what was said.
Was this written with a broken wrist healed with socialized healthcare, or are you fishing for socialists you plan to sink in the ocean?
Faulty Memory is a sudden onset psychological condition that occurs under duress. It is especially prevalent in guilty people who are testifying under oath.
A lot of these homes have fire-doors that the elderly can’t open without power assist. Trapped in the dark. Very frightening
I'd argue that supporting Trump is idiotic. That makes Shapiro an idiot.
you're lesss black than she is native AMerican. ANd you're not "CHerokee" by DNA, that's a racist mistake and the people mocking her look like fools

still she persists, and will when DOn's dragged out of the WH
Le orangemanbad looooool 

So funny becuz he's actually good!
I mean it can be stuffed under the mattress.  Maybe he's saving to start a business?  Or even savings for a rainy day helps stabilize the economy.... vs debt default, unpaid expenses, starvation, etc.
I heard lizard people communicate primarily via inaudible frequencies
He'd get too exhausted. He's a 70 year old man you know. 
History is already being very unkind to Paul Ryan. 
Why is that bad?
From my cold dead hands.  Then you may take it
Welcome to The_Donald you gorgeous gun wielding godess.
I attended his lecture in Denver back in May and honestly it seems like we had different experiences. The Denver show was probably 65% male but it was a decent mix. I, too, got a little tipsy beforehand. Definitely no empty rows, though. The show sold out months before.
Actually it's more likely still it will be a tory majority. There is a possibility of hung parliament and no chance of a labour majority. And a very very slim chance of a labour minority government which would last max 6 months
Your glass house better be spotless.
If I were to store that container in a damp place, or refill it, or use the tissue to wipe my toes, could I be prosecuted? I know that it doesn’t work that way, but would it be possible by the letter of the law?
You don’t think raiding funds promised to help Military families adjust to life in the Military, including child daycare, constitutes stealing, especially when there was a promise this wouldn’t happen? This is transparent theft.
Why do I have the feeling that just like the kkk, 30 or so years from now we'll have politicians elected that were formerly members of antifa? After they get their fill of punching nazis in the streets they'll make their lives miserable through legislation while buttslutting for globalists.
Now you get to live to be destitute!  Yay Obama!

Edit:  but seriously I'm glad you'll be alive.
Webbys tinder R1 [reminds me of my 10-12 part Choose your own adventure set in a 1995 Cold War gone hot scenario as a British tank troop commander I did on tinder]([URL])

theres an excerpt ^
Having been prescribed amphetamines for a significant chunk of my life I can tell you drinking more water doesn't always help with the dry mouth. It's better than not drinking enough, sure, but even at moderate doses I remember drinking 3+ cups of water an hour and still feeling parched.
They aren't starving yet. Post WW2 USA has never wanted for food, that ever changes and the gig is up.
he'll *try*...

but at this point- there's no saving that fat ugly mug.
Welcome Pede!...,Your journey was long, you must be parched.

Help yourself to the beer🍺, and pretzels 🥨, and patriotism 🇺🇸!
Yup. First, they plant the idea into the dull minds of their viewers. Then, they let it germinate, nourished solely by "librul tears." Finally, the shit seed sprouts a shit weed, and #LOCKTHEMUP is plastered all over Granny's FB feed.
There is a difference between being weary of all cops and being angry at all cops that a lot of people do not seem to understand
These people are disgusting.

They pretend their apathy is morality but the truth is they are all delighted for our children to be rape and murdered just as long as their kids are safe.
For being the "Most transparent president ever" he sure does hide a lot of stuff.
The Americans don’t care because you’re a hysterical baby and life is not that bad here for the most part.
Well regulated capitalism with adequate public services (single payer) is more aligned with where America is at right now, and me too. 
My answer hasn't changed from the last few times people asked me that in this same thread.  

No, I did not like it then. I was not ok with it. I was unhappy with what they did. 
Lyndon B. Johnson used to love waving his dick around. He called it Jumbo, and frequently invited other world leaders to go skinny dipping with him as a form of intimidation. 
Family requests scalding water to sterilize utensils and 17 month old kid reached across the table to grab the glass of water before any adults could stop him. Yeah, I’m not buying it. 
Keep telling yourself that. Pretending like a problem is unsolvable is a great way to not do anything about it. It costs way less too.
It's reddit. The sports subs have been run by people who post on SRS for a while now. Chapocels also post in sports subs often, that's where they got the idea everything should be woke because they were listening to the tiny minority.
Because they're ignorant and angry and being hand fed an unsolvable problem (racism) by the media. This is why the black lives matter campaign is pathetic, useless, and ultimately counter intuitive to the very real problem of police brutality REGARDLESS OF RACE
Pretty hilarious that a gay dude links a homophobic subreddit
Nah. we are good. Thanks Spartacus. get moving.
Yes, because obviously it's literally impossible for someone to both support an extremist candidate and hold a job.
The only reason he wants to stay in office that long is to stay out of jail, but on the flip side the only reason he won't stay in office that long is old age.
 knowing economics is unkind

lmao Reddit
For whatever reason, a decent portion of people here don't want to help pay for others. Even if the others were poor or terminally ill/injured.
You don't come off as an asshole by disagreeing with this headline. You can confidently state 'that's a ridiculous claim' and all people of reason will give you a nod of approval.
the cold isnt a bother if you have decent clothes down to like -20 -30. it starts sucking when it hurts to breathe though but i dont think maine gets like that
parched, can I at least warn my brothers
It keeps me warm.
I'll be delighted to see your work, and I'll keep an eye out for it in this forum (or PM me any time for any reason).  Happy writing :)
I get Messi a lot, which I'm personally happy with.

Also a lot of people just say that I look like a generic "poet"
 How rare is it?

It’s *so rare* that if it were an animal, Don Jr. would shoot it!

Ba dum bum

Thank you, I’ll be here all week. Tip your servers.
[URL] voted for the AUMF.  You should really google things like this before making yourself look silly
Well, that shows me, doesn't it!

As for shouting - I am surprised he finds that a non-functional means, given how prone he is to it.
Well she hasn't had the opportunity to vote on the subject yet, so it's impossible to say.
Hmm, warm and snug too. I love a good coat!
“O divine art of ***subtlety*** and secrecy! Through you we learn to be invisible, through you inaudible and hence we can hold the enemy's fate in our hands.” -Sun Tzu
Trump fans will believe this honorable man with a spotless record is whatever Trump says he is.  Facts don’t matter anymore to these people.
The vast majority of people on twitter could give a flying crap about anything. Its the twisted facist minority that are controling what is said that are the omly ones rhat care. And they do not want anyone to be free.
it's really difficult watching you clumsily flail around, lashing out desperately, your eyes full of tears
Of course he hates his Fed Chair, it's one of the only decisions he made that wasn't the product of Fox-fueled brain diarrhea. 

Every mediocre dude who loves conspiracy theories is CERTAIN of the shadowy evils of the Federal Reserve. Right and left.
Where is the Nasty?  HC, aka Crooked Hillary.
Thanks for the reply, had never heard that aspect before. 

The difference between a terminally ill/brain dead person and an unborn child are huge. A terminally ill person will never recover. An unborn baby, no matter what stage in the pregnancy, will soon be well enough to survive on its own. 
It's my problem that your government kills children with depleted uranium bullets and will send me to prison, if I don't pay for it? 

Don't you hope Obama will not have his IRS send people to prison for not giving failed corrupt banks money? 
At this point I know they’re not representing the people or the nation, only their political party, but we can still try to open their eyes.
She is completely unflappable. Damn
You all sound like Trump supporters to me to be honest, it makes me wary.
We object to the term "urine soaked hell hole" when you could've said "pee pee soaked heck hole"
Oops, you’re in the tiny minority again it seems. Awkward.
That matches my initial gut feeling that she's not really making it non-functional. Hopefully hubby finished the job. Yikes. 
Exactly! People think Warren being a Republican in the past is a weakness of hers but it’s actually a strength. She knows what made her switch to being a democrat so she has an idea on how to reach these people who are so brainwashed by the GOP and make them see the light.
I think gaetz is more likely to get drunk and try and run over someone than shoot.
lol tbh this makes me like biden more 

angry old man is the energy of this election
You won't see that with Sanders. The man has the personality of a damp rag.
I just a dog with a big dream of playing fetch with terminally ill children and make them laugh.
The border is ajar
&lt;inaudible reporter asking something totally unrelated      


"WELL I HEAR SHE WAS MARRIED TO HER BROTHER AND YOU'RE ASKING ME A QUESTION ABOUT IT"

&#x200B;

🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
It's not islamophobic to not want a practising, devout Muslim to become Prime Minister. 

A true believer in Islam regards the prophet Muhammad as a perfect example of a good Muslim. He killed people and raped a child, it's perfectly fine to not want someone like that in number 10.
This cartoon is a crock of shit. Come back with some actual science that takes the Roman and medieval warm periods into account.
Not only have you got a bent husband and a daughter who gets taken to school in a sedan chair, you're also fucking mental.
It's going to be hilarious when Trump "gets removed" by Senate vote in 2020 after his trial by tens of votes but crushes his phone as the Secret Service drag him out of the residence. Peak humor.
And Dahmer saw pouring acid into the brains of his victims as the only way to have a partner who wouldn’t leave him.

People think dumb stuff sometimes.
I know Tim Minchin has done stuff, I'm think Shappi Khorsandi has done some, Roy Chubby Brown probably has as well. I don't follow the comedy circuits much, so I'm not too much of an authority on it.
This is referred to as proving a negative and it is literally not possible. 

Regardless, comrade bayarea has excellent threads which dig into this (among other western propaganda BS)

[URL]

[URL]
What did 15 year old me mean by this?
I love listening to him.  He is an amazing teacher.  It chaps my ass for some Senators to be so rude to him, but he is unflappable.  
It's a beautiful thing. I'm just sliding through this timeline, all quiet and in the back, smiling my little face off, sipping on some Black Rifle coffee and snug in my MAGA blanket. 

Grew up light skinned in a city populated by predominantly minorities of darker hues. Went through this shit every day until I started fighting back. The shit still continued but I put down quite a number of would be bullies.
I will also pay  an admission fee, if required, just to attend the speech. You have to pay me a big sum of money just to suffer listening to that idiotic Trump..
If the road around a station is plastered with say Kasich posters though and he alone has a gang of people even 30 feet away from the front door, is it not seen as coercion and intimidation?
I think the winner gets a free trip to the Whitehouse and a meet and greet with Trump.

Search #magachallenge on Twitter. Make sure you have a bar of soap, access to some scalding hot water, and a fresh pair of underwear because you're going to feel filthy after.
So its fine to kill a 9 month old fetus as long as it hasnt left the mothers body yet?
I see enormous parallels with the Summer of 1930. I'm serious.

[URL]
 We reported how one Arizona child was repeatedly raped as part of a pornographic pedophile ring in foster care, and then placed into a different foster home where 80% of her body was burned with scalding water. 

Pedo rings in foster care? Nice job Arizona CPS, nice job. 
Special? Not if you believe feminists. 

Anyways, due to the internet, I can, in abundance, look up numerous flase rape stories, including one memorable one where the "victim" accused a cab driver of rape to get out of paying a fare. 
i have thought about it and i think he does it for photo ops...   with the lean in it minimizes his gigantic gut and then the pictures are usually cropped.
Mueller being a republcian means nothing. He’s still a never trump sack of shit who’s hell bent on destroying him. 

The investigation has never been about justice. Ever. 
That is not true.  It is based on a faulty analysis that treated the Foundation as a pass-through not as a provider of direct services.  It would be like counting Red Cross fund relief as administrative costs.  

Consider:
[URL]
[URL]

Right, so when you meet a new Tyrone you feel comfortable pre-judging that person based on his name (read: skin color). This is called being prejudiced. It leads people to make bad decisions based on faulty assumptions.

I feel doubtful that the William Roberts of the world face similar problems.
I remember when Frank Luntz started out trying to be a serious pollster/analyst. Now that he's failed at that, he's pretty much a chubby paid shill bastardizing the "research" [URL] sad.
Even before Maslow people have been saying this, as far back as Ancient Greece we had Epicurus telling us that financial security is one of the prerequisites to a happy life.
Have you tried to read any Conservative literature or is your understanding of conservatism based on low level online debate?
I did sign-ins at the event and it felt pretty even in terms of gender. So many different ages too! There was a 16 year old I met and groups of retired folks as well 😁
True, although omitting it in the article woth Hillary taking about it is crazy. All of her quotes apply perfectly to Bill.

We're talking about sexually predatory men who were repeatedly accused of sexual assault. Bill fits real nice and snug in that camp.
Sneaky sleepy night ass fucks, even.
Yes...I'[URL] certain where you're going with that, actually...
They should put it on QVC and say "There are very limited numbers of these, folks. We only have 3 gold foil copies of Trump Tax Fraud in this stunning large DVD and VHS box set."
Nope. Their head mod is just a delusional and thin skinned cretin. Either way, they ban for wrongthink.
Alex, at what point did you guys become aware of Owen Shroyer ? The dude is unflappable. One of my favorites for sure. I assume that you guys brought him on board after he stumped Carl the Cuck.
It is pretty funny watching the usual modus operandi although with a nice second touch here - first comment insults the messenger, second one insults the messengers viewers. :)
hows she doing guys ? my link kept freezing
Since when are people obligated to give their money to the poor?
This would make sense. No one else in the family has a damaged eye.
Flake making his "stand" on investigating Kavanaugh pretty much just made him look dumb and weak.  

However, I think he was actually more moral than McCain and way more than the average Republican, which is why he was a single term senator.
No, he's into gay rights, his name is Mike Ponce.

No, wait, I'm getting confused with someone else. His name is Mike Shittinma Pance, and he has a nasty streak.
In a court of law, sure. By that same measure, the guy caught on the bridge the other day is also innocent.

Not gonna stop me being certain of his guilt.
Grassley does this thing with his eyes and lips that looks like he's getting annoyed and thinking about how to respond.
That's satisfactory. I've always suspected that women are simply less "attuned" to math, but I've never dug deeper. I suppose that could indicate a reason for less women in tech. Of course, further research should be done, but that's a start.
Could just be coincidence, but after Reddit's constant cuckoldry I'm pretty wary of any kind of bullshit now.
That’s why it isn’t considered cheap pandering when he does it.
THE LOOK ON TERMINALLY ILL BILL's FACE- PRICELE$$
Christ I'm tired of the sheer number of low-effort posts on here. 

*Why* is it ironic? Try explaining yourself. Does wonders for bringing people round to your way of thinking.
Putin's agenda: Concede #1 oil producer status to US. Get NATO to spend a lot more money. 3%+ GDP for America. 50 year unemployment low. Better border security.
snug n smug Pepe
Agreed. We should make people pay 30k a year to send their kid to kindergarten. Sick of those 5 year olds who think they should get a free ride.

This is what you actually believe. Feel free to edit your comment to make it seem like you didn't say basically that.
I'm sure we all recognize that asshole. Like the dog whose looks like Jesus.  Unforgettable.

Woo! Practice makes perfect then.
'That fat, dumb, unkind [URL] pinball!'
Probably clogs the toilet with all his mcds poop and leaves it for staff to clean up.
[URL] according to Sara Carters source they also include Trump and his family. 

The implication is gigantic and damning pointing directly at the upper levels of the Obama WH and the head of the CIA. Watergate times 100.
One could argue pointing out that false accusations of rape are rare is important, because while you may feel falsely accused, you may, in fact, have committed rape.
I've honestly never seen this theory and I regularly browse T_D most of them seem to see Mueller as complicit in covering up a bunch of supposed crimes from the Clintons and Podesta's

Btw check out the comments SO unsettling, most of them are avoyt how John Podestas apparently a pedophile.
true, but would you ever trust a party who led us to war backed on a premise they knew was lies? I don't vote for people who want to shoot depleted uranium shells at iraqi villages so we get cheap oil.
Calm down and take your meds. It’s okay, your nurse will come and take care if you. The straight jacket will fit nice and snug and you don’t have to Reeee so much. You’ll hurt your vocal chords.
Keeping that sympathy for a rainy day?
Old Man Biden?!
At least JC plays a caricature of himself on TV and, in reality, is intelligent. Unfortunately, the GOP buffoonery isn't an act.
Muhh rich man fat poor man skinny...
You have to be so fucking careful these days what you say, and frankly I'm fucking tired of it.

This is because you care what people think. once you learn to not care then you will understand the value of your own thoughts.
That's the really fucky part. He asked to have his attorney present, and it wasn't allowed. So he's supposed to just take the cops' word on what his rights are even though they are neither culpable for understanding nor compelled to be honest about the same?
Grind harder and you will always rise above the mediocre. Once you shift your mindset, your life will grow leaps and bounds above what you ever thought was possible.
A bad strategy? Are you denying crimes were committed?
That's... Kind of unsettling... 
Major political reform is needed after this is all sorted out. This is already going to leave a long lasting bad taste in our mouth for years to come, not to mention the dark stain it leaves on the history of the U.S.A.
Well that's your mind adding the extra concocted nefarious reasons, most likely influenced by Johns fabricated thoughts.

There has been no evidence whatsoever that this is anything more than what it is.
I see you're new here. He also doesn't wear a coat due to a rare medical condition.
The citizens of any country should be very wary of someone leading their nation who isn’t a Nationalist. Where does their allegiance really lie if not with their nation? 
I think after intense counseling to make sure it’s really something they want rather than something to escape problems, I think terminally ill people / old people should have the option to. 
Why because I don't want to waste my time with a racist troll? Move on old person.
I love the smell of fresh corruption in the morning!

Smells [URL] cold sweat, mixed with covfefe.
I'm optimistic as well, but the whole episode revealed some ugly things about the country.
Indeed. So vote for the best possible candidate in the primary!
[Please no.]([URL]) Sick of the pearl-clutching. Besides only Trump and [Yang rushed to defend alt-right]([URL]%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E1145755562816266240&ref_url=https%3A%2F%[URL]%2Fhomenews%2Fmedia%2F451214-2020-democrat-andrew-yang-sends-well-wishes-to-andy-ngo-journalists-should) propagandist [Andy Ngo]([URL]). 

UBI is fine but's a half measure compared to Warren/Bernie.
I'm so exhausted with arguing with people over this Uber issue. How much more clear example of regulatory capture could you get? 

Leaving the ivory tower was a mistake.
You must be one of those alt right racists I’m told about. I’m scared
All scientists purse thier lips when pouring.  With a camera 1 ft away.
Yeah probably cuz we are sick of getting the short end of the stick on EVERYTHING.
Just nasty.  Be ashamed, Ohio.

Also...  "Too cheap to meter."
Earning a living by skill and hard work is a refreshing change from politicians born into dynastic wealth and power.
Take some time to look up US economic history during the nineteenth and early twentieth century - you'll gain some insight into why the Fed exists. It's a history of near-constant panics and enormous recessions. An overnight lending rate rollercoaster is a lot better than an economic rollercoaster.
Try being a judge nominee with a spotless record and like beer
Aunty immediately followed his speech with a live Farage interview. To be fair, Gina Miller was on after him.

Presumably after today's events, Uncle Rupe will dig into the vault for some celeb's personal trauma that they've been saving for a rainy day.
White snow - good.  Black ice - bad.  The Weather Is Racist!
I doubt they'll really care that much about the lives of the jihadi groups. Maybe quietly let the ethnic Turkmen militias sneak into Turkey and hang the rest out to dry.
When you're broke and destitute debt can spiral like this.
Haha. That's a pretty unique phrase I'd think. "Pop smoke." I've only ever heard it from other military folks.

Although, I guess it could be common with the gamer crowd these days.
Fair point. For me, integrity is the #1 factor, and Gowdy seems to be unflappable.
Said in that warm but firm grandmotherly tone, this would be gold. She is gold.
We will eat you for energy to stay warm. That's what the weather is like.
The silence of Muslim leaders and most Muslims in general is deafening. Just as bad imo 
Utah just got some boots on the ground too, and we're having a big training this weekend! Super excited!
"Opportunity costs are scarce"? I am detecting a syntax error. 
- He wrote on his phone with more computing power than was used for the moon landing, while eating the nutritious meal he had to work 15 minutes at a low skilled job to afford.


Yeah... it's fucking terrible.
I don''t really get why it's more or less ego based if you do it for 8... icy cold take anyone who wants to be the president is a power hungry egotist
Well if they get into Oxbridge through their own merit I don’t have much problem with it.  I don’t think it’s particularly elitist unless it’s through private schools or means unavailable to the general public
Actually the philosophy of communism dates back to ancient Greece.
Ya when he called Newtown false flag that was really sick. Those were children. Breaks my heart even to think about it years later.
We have bad eating habits, nobody disagrees with that. But people know what is healthy and what isn’t. No matter how poor someone is they’d be able to tell you that soda and chips aren’t really a part of a balanced diet.
Calls the free press the "enemy of the people," [URL], the people.
On Sundays before church my dad would use a spray bottle on our feet under the blankets. Pretty hard to go back to sleep with wet feet
Well no one taught them. Parents probably did a poor to mediocre job, school staff and advisors probably helped them pick their wasted degree, financial aid enabled them, and their peers did the same thing.


Good job everyone who comments and corrects on that hatepete sub. People's attacks are being more ridiculous and tiring. Even an article going over "all the criticisms of Pete" is getting pooped on. 

I think we have turned a corner.
We use a website/app to send out tons of SMS about Yang. We answer questions and explain why Yang is great. It's like free advertising.
Omg, it is hideous. 
I thought the whole point of a money economy was to find the best way to distribute scarce resources.
Because it will endanger him or her.
Public pressure is enormous when the whole country, or the world is watching you, especially if 30% of the country think you are the "traitor". That pressure turns into immediate danger when a part of that 30% own guns.
I find myself thinking about the message of MGS2 a lot these past couple of years. Truly ahead of its time. There's just too much information out. We're so bombarded with trivial and false information that it's hard to get the fact right.
Trump calls man at his rally obese, sanders says we're going to fight white nationalism.

Your smooth brain: "God these Dems with their identity politics."
Good luck oh ancient one!
This was excellent
Really? So... Who do you work for that your job is to uphold the law and not the constitution? Do you wear a broken windows logo on your armband?
And as a society, one cannot "morally" go and shoot someone just because you don't like them or the person annoyed you et al.
The worst part of the "wife's boyfriend bought me a Switch" meme is that the boyfriend is always just the *wife's*. Like, wtf if I *have* to be in an open marriage and the dude's hot u best believe I'm getting in on that action too.
    It's the year of the landshark
    Dry as sand, parched, damn get these men some water
    They're out there being slaughtered
    In meaningless wars so you don't have to bother
    And can sit and soak the idiotbox trying to fuck their daughters

[URL]
Plus submarines are like gigantic nuclear-powered phalluses, and that's pretty funny.
Wait, it's meant to be bent? How do I do that? Does it need heat or something or just using my hands?
It's him in his own words. He's such a rat-fucking dirtbag who deserves to rot in prison for the rest of his miserable life. 
What a post!!!  played at full volume.

Tom Morello came to Occupy Wall Street in 2011 and played a set for us.  Unforgettable.
I take the gratitude and pass it along to my troops, they’re the ones standing post in the rain, heat, snow, and dark.
Stock GI model. Thinking about getting the wider fore grip eventually if I can find it cheap enough.
DWS just seems like an odd target. I thought more people on the left were annoyed with her than people on the right. 
Define an education.  My father received a scholarship to a very small local college, which he attended while living with his family.  My mother did not graduate college, but did attend for a year or two.

My wife did not graduate college either and is making a decent living in her preferred career.
Duh. It was made up to begin with. Happy Holidays, y'all.
 Yes, more intelligent people are more likely to use stereotypes based on patterns they notice because it works.

Are you ever curious about what kind of things NS assume about Trump? How he “seems”?
Perhaps like Roger Ailes and John McCain, he will have impeccable timing.
Love him.  The quiet one behind the scenes not fucking things up and writing great speeches and policy.
You can actually, but it's risky, expensive, transient, and illegal except for extremely rare specific cases.
Monica was obnoxious, but I can see the chubby thang, mmmmmmhmmm.
Phased differently: people who have drunk the kool-aid are now willing to burn the entire kingdom.
***“They refuse to give me their names, but the ranks are nine lieutenants, five captains, three majors, and one very fat colonel who called me a  "cheeky fellow."  ”*** - Benjamin Martin (The Patriot)
Cool, anyone want to look at Bill Clinton? 

Democrats in Congress and the House have slowly been handing over their power to previous democratic presidents, but as soon as a non-Democrat-aka republican/conservative- takes advantage of the previously given power its obstructing Congress and upsetting checks and balances?
There is no issue of payment, the cost of care was not considered in any of the decisions. It was an ethical decision, the doctors argued continuing ventilation would be "unkind and inhumane"
Even if he left his door ajar did she thing someone broke in, replace all her furniture, pictures ornaments, carpet and repainted her apartment? 
 I also think the way McCain was heralded this week is a pretty fine example of toxic masculinity

Is it "toxic masculinity" or is it just sexism against Murkowski and Collins? How is praising John McCain's vote against Skinny Repeal an act of toxic masculinity?
I don’t touch facebook unless verbally compelled to and even then it’s usually a waste of time. I don’t know what people see in these mediums. I don’t find them particularly effective and we know they’re just data harvesting black holes.
It doesn't matter, Obama has zero record and they came out in droves because he 'spoke their language' The left is all identity, unfortunately being gay is a tiny percentage of the population, get a black or Hispanic and the left will show up.
Exactly. They made high risk loans. If they didn’t expect the government to clean up after them, they wouldn’t have given out those loans.
Well that sucks, gotta say sleepy exams for me are either a hit or miss. 
"We'll all stay skinny because we just wol't eat."
Cold War 2 electric boogaloo
Yeah it pisses me off cause I got banned i guess for asking what happened to the old conspiracy sub. Man I miss it.
Uh, a heart attack is no big deal? Dude. I'm on Bernies side, but that's a terrible argument.
That’s a republican/NRA talking point and they’re being disingenuous 99% of the time they make it. 

They have just enough shame to veil themselves with idiotic arguments, but not enough shame to address the problem by working with Democrats to change gun laws.
Most of them know he's not getting removed. They're just so tired of losing every day that they're going to make the most out of their useless consolation prize here.
no, it should be violent, unforgettable, and on/in the 1%'s property.  and persons. 
We live in a police state thanks to the thin blue line crowd aka. Republicans.
We have satellites that can detect Uranium, Plutonium, Alpha and Beta Particles, Neutrons, Gamma Rays, as well as Fuel Rods and Depleted Uranium.   no matter where they are.  It leaves traces that can't be hidden.   You can't hide a Nuclear Weapons Program.
Oh also don't forget the countless tons of depleted uranium that's fucked up the water tables and leading to infants being born sick and dying. Good shit!
I also downvote the conservative posts. I don’t care for content here that isn’t related to worldpolitics no matter the topic. But then I got tired of the ineffectiveness of it. Now I say why I don’t think it should be there.
Nothing Pete has proposed seems genuine. It feels like the "it's election season let's go talk to black people" cycle that we've been in for a while.
Same here.  I will crawl through broken glass to vote for anyone against the yam.
Absolutely. They could blame trump for all of their nastiness and get to restart with a cleanish slate. It could happen. It really depends on what Mueller found. 
Broken english trumped by broken logic.

Try harder Boris.
 Ever heard of something called rounding, big brain?

Yes. Rounding is the exact reason the percentages they give are impossible.


Ever heard of something called a qualitative study?

To make the claim that the media is uniquely hostile to Corbyn requires the comparison.
The douche or turd scenario one of the most memorable things whenever its election time.
[URL]
Overall yes, but if you look at the A8 wave countries alone its a very different story. Also non-EU migrants contribute even more, reinforcing the idea that a controlled immigration system (even one as imperfect as the one we have atm) works better than an open door.
You sound miserable and unhinged. I’d suggest getting outside and seeking cognitive therapy. It will improve your quality of life.
Yeah but they all have a sense of self preservation and their own climbing the ladder to power. Ultimately I think that's why session's recused himself. He could skate through and be clean or cleanish on the other side while Trump and cronies get caught up in their own mess.
She’s like Biden but not an old white guy and also not horrible at speaking, so probs Biden people who are worried about Biden. I have a friend whose top two choices are those two
Cool.  Tax returns then?
Timothy McVeigh was unavailable, and the Tsarnaev Russians aren't at liberty. 
I don't really understand this, traditionally hasn't the BBC always been left wing? Though I do understand JC has really damaged the Labour Party.
 Oh, and of course the obligatory injection of race into the story. No one knows for sure what happened, but goddamn it let's make sure everyone knows the black man was killed by a white woman cop.

You think she would have shot him to death if he was white?
Isn't it fucking incredible nearly every post goes through  this intense brigading and STILL has 3 to 4 thousand upvotes? And eventually  gets to 5k. It's a testament to the work done here by everyone and the unflappable belief
ice cold Big Macs served on on the nation’s finest silver. a perfect distillation of Trump’s nouveau riche louis 16th aesthetic in a shot that could’ve been taken by Kubrick himself

you can’t top this one, folks
Hell, if you're poor and white too. Poor whites just happen to consistently vote against their interests.
Reagan's support was clear Republicans and still worked on certain aspects of small government.

Trump's Entourage is filled with Fascists. Trump's and his sycophants  attempting to turn the GOP  into Fascists, and for the large part they are successful at doing so.
Convince and drag as many people as you possible can to vote
A standing army prevents attacks against who? Seriously, let's say the US military scaled back. Who would possibly invade. This is such a ridiculous thing to say.
What kind of police departments release an ILLEGAL FELON CHILD MOLESTOR into their towns ON PURPOSE???
What kind of PEOPLE vote for leaders who support sanctuary policies and keep putting their safety at risk? Plantation Slaves  really ARE ASLEEP!
I’m going to err on the cautious judgment exercised by the special prosecutor, and, with all due respect to the effort put in by “Buzzfeed News”, wait for confirmation on this story from a proper source.
Except that doesn't apply to public schools.  Teachers are a scarce resource, and every additional student in a classroom reduces the teacher's availability to every other student.  
No problem. The source happens to be one unnamed White House staff member.
I hope that is adequate for you.
A hard-left Labourite getting the rich disease would be hilarious, tbh.
That interview was pretty good with Ben Shapiro. I think that it helped yang gain more spotlight. Specially with people more conservative. Personally this interview is how I discovered yang and he now has my vote!
CT has escaped a cult. Lots of younger people are praying their parents and relatives can also escape Cult 45 without being damaged.
Amazing that you did exactly what he described that Cruz does. Republicans are stunning
 For instance,  Greg or Jesse will bring up a story that is only here. It hasn't hit FOX yet. Hours before. I'm a little tipsy at the moment I can't remember any "words" now haha
Toadstool. Mushrooms can be delicious and useful. 

Oh, and by toadstool, I mean toadshit.
He bribed companies to not use other products. Cut. Dry.
Adams, just seems to be a more pragmatic and intelligent guy by the issues mentioned here, I'm going with him.
Palatable is a good word, insofaras he chews Marx up and makes it mostly unrecognisable to what Marx originally said.

It's much more difficult to read someone else's misinterpretation of Capital and come to an understanding of Capital.
Deporting illegal immigrant will reduce the number of job seekers in labour marker. That will make job seekers a scarce and push the wage up.

One of the reason why wage is stagnant is because of labour surplus. 
Used like a wet paper bag. No mention of the 11,000 casualties and reaffirming that the YPG is the PKK and has been fighting Turkey for decades.

The US has interests not friends.
Have you seen that Rocky Trump Picture that was pretty funny
I will clean it up later if anyone is interested.  Need to correct the green Olympic ring as it interacts with the seal.  Also may expand the wall up and remove the background of the Trump hotel lettering.

I really do need to get laid.
They're insane to think Kloubuchar is anywhere in the realm of attractive as a candidate. Shes the "Fuck you, you get nothing" candidate.
Republicans would also call Yang a socialist. Also, attempting to get Republicans to switch is a bad election strategy. Obama won because he inspired people who never voted before to vote; not because he got Republicans to vote for him.
Happy Cake Day, Comrade
Normally it would be classless to make fun of a woman's looks because you don't like her.

But Sarah Huckabee Sanders is what it would look like if Heinrich Himmler impregnated Quasimodo. Calling her a revolting ham beast is unkind to beasts, because beasts don't openly hate Jews.
Bernie himself had a warm and supportive tweet. It's called being a fucking adult.
i thought it was an age thing cause the guy said biden was too old?
It's a reverse dog whistle; everyone can hear it but his supporters pretend it's completely inaudible.
Good religion is good. Bad religion is bad.
Romero was a Catholic priest who spoke up against poverty and war and was murdered by a tight wing death squad. [URL]Óscar_Romero
The problem with them being a state is that non samoans would be allowed to buy property on their island.
Maybe if you tried HELPING and SPREADING knowledge then you’d be right.... but again, you’re just a a dude with a fat head and a hard on for telling people what they do and don’t know ! :))
You've never seen a happy Democrat because white men aren't extinct yet.
I don't think a mere suggestion qualifies as an attempt to control anyone. A post on Reddit has no coercive power. Don't victimize yourself friend 🤗. You are free!
It's funny because it's true. 
Or at least does sound like it.
This is a sick argument, you are giving a pass to this guy for something you think Clinton may have done 30 years ago and say "make another big deal about nothing" as if this is nothing.   So these events are "no big deal."
And is met with thunderous silence and deafening meh 
Why didn't they do this way back when and just, you know, be calm, rational people? Why did they have to cause an enormous fuss?
so what you're saying is intelligent, educated people don't want Trump and see that he broke his oath of office and committed impeachable offenses.  I agree with you completely
In this case Sharpton is a gigantic piece of shit, pretty much plays the race card to his advantage. The guy has mafia ties and was involved in the drug trade (video is up of it on youtube), really not the type of person people should be looking up to.
The people in power seize opportunities to expand their power, opportunities they may help create, but that wouldn't be possible unless some individuals also behaved in a selfish or inefficient way.
I read "an antidote to chads". Thought it was some kind of special edition or something...
I’m also fairly certain that once articles of impeachment pass, an impeached president cannot be pardoned by a future sitting president, even if senate does not vote to remove. I may be wrong about that, so I came prepared with grains of salt for everyone who reads this.
Ya totally. I was banned on one of my accounts for pointing out faulty logic. 
as well as his open border shit

Dude, did you even read the shit? He goes into detail on his plans, none of which say anything about open borders. Basic comprehension and human decency are useful in life.
For the first time in my life, I would cheer that chubby little bastard with all my heart.
New hot Ferrari yet shows a Mercedes concept. Our first lady deserves better than that.
Wayyyyyyyy too thin. 

Also this is the same President that needs to hold Teresa May’s hand to go up and down stairs. Him not being the first kill in the Apocalypse?  That’s funny.
I mean doesn't this place get bent up over an obvious joke on a daily basis?
easy for the public to understand and impossible to refute.

I see you haven’t met my family.
I hope they do. Honestly it seems ridiculous to me that the house isn’t going to the courts to force them to comply with subpoenas. It seems like everyone is missing critical information needed to really judge charge 1 as a result, unless I’m missing something?
At this point it's fermented and making us all drunk and stupid.
Have you ever seen him that angry before? It was my first.
Having that as a possible outcome is an awful nightmare.  The US government is becoming an authoritarian regime.
well according to the left it's impossible to be racist against whites so...
felons have commited a crime

But not all were violent crimes.  What about large scale tax fraud?  After someone does that and serves the time,  should they not be allowed to own a gun?
Someone put it in another thread and I loved the phrasing but Trump's idea of negotiating is walking into a meeting, taking a shit on the table, and then arguing about who is going to clean the shit off the table. That is the whole extent of it.
Who are these people harming? If anything the government is only making drugs more dangerous by forcing them into a black market.

Pharmaceutical companies and police unions have a vested interest in preserving the war on drugs. It's a hideous assault on individuals.
the Vietnam series has some footage of him chatting about more than his name, rank and serial number. also compared to other prisoners, he looks positively chubby.
It's not age. He's just not there mentally. Bernie and Warren are in the same age group and they are still brilliant.
I guess lots of people want to spent their summer vacation on a dark rainy island were civil unrest unfolds. Good luck with that. 
Shagging away like a trooper
The Spy who shagged me
What a nasty Bird
If the evidence is so enormous why is the conclusion so vague?
I took my wife for her first time in DC last summer, on our way into the Rosslin metro station a homeless man greeted us swinging his dick and asking us to worship it.  Needless to say, DC most definitely was an unforgettable experience.
Yeah, it didn't make to sense to me either. Just reviewed a clip, and Woodward was definitely not singing Trump's praises. What goes on in that tiny brain of his that makes him think that the man who reported on the Watergate in the Washington Post is an ally?
I’m no political strategist but it looks to me like Trump accuses others of crimes that he has committed. But I know that can’t be the case because Americans are far too intelligent to let that happen for three years or more, aren’t they?
The fool!  Doesn't he know the Halting problem is unsolvable!
That's three standard "drinks," which is usually enough to get someone tipsy, but not really drunk.

Source: am a recovering alcoholic
Imagine liking the power hungry racist FDR

🤢🤢🤢
It’s easy don’t drive drunk. An Uber is probably less than one of your dinks and definitely less than a DUI.
Let the "hair splitting" explanations begin!  The deeper the dive into "process", the more people will fall asleep.  We need to keep posting memes like this to take a step back and keep our eye on the big picture.
The only guy I would have a really hard time voting for is Bloomberg. I’m so disgusted that he thinks he can just waltz in and buy the nomination.
Wow look you predicted water would be wet so edgy, we are humbled before your intellect and insight.
2.1 million Americans served in Vietnam, yet the most ever stationed there was ~500,000. 

From your perspective, this must be impossible.
The keys in an apartment building are likely all the same design and will fit, even if they won't actually open the door. It seems that the door was already ajar or at least unlocked.
Finally the school system updates its outdated and ungodly hours and listen to science on sleepy students
That was a very unsettling ride, I'm glad there were no happenings and that this was finally resolved in a civilised manner. Let's all hope there aren't any bumps along the way 
Oh absolutely. I think (but could be wrong) that the comment above was along the lines of what I said, because yes, it would be cool to be able to have more nuanced choice in progressive candidates, but the youtube comment was nothing besides centrist horseshit.
As one of the very few obese American presidents in history id expect nothing less
nah but it sounds cool
Global warming is based on faulty and unscientific weather models. Climate change is based in Geology and actual verifiable science. 
its expected to do soemthign to show affecion and easieest way for most is to buy [URL] exploit that but expectation of showing love somehow as per special day is source of it.
Because these twats respect a mediocre froggy voiced man more than they do any woman.
So [URL] uranium and white phosphorous are totally fine?  Why are we supposed to be upset about sarin when shooting people with uranium and phosphorous is fine?
Pelosi should read it out loud so it's entered into the public record, and then call the impeachment vote. Let his name and words stain history forever as blunders.
for the first time in  his life  he's scared of what it's like to have consequences to his actions. he's spent his entire life doing anything he wanted and it's finally catching up  to him.
If God didn't want us to eat cows he wouldn't have made them so tasty.
Brilliant, based, and beautiful.
For all intents and purposes, it's a four person race at this point.  Bernie, Warren, Biden, and Buttigig are the only candidates likely to get any delegates.  They'll all make it at least to Super Tuesday, and I could see all four going pretty deep.
These fucking cowards, makes me sick
All I see is them bent over with their pants down
Pretty certain we are Number 1 in homelessness.
I’ll take that as a “yes” to “will you just pretend that there is a super secret IG report that will eventually be revealed if you just believe in it hard enough?”
No no, he totally owned you you filthy libtard. 🙄

Edit: sarcasm in-case it wasn't obvious.
Col Fat Fuck or Bitch Tits.
It's the compromise that would be satisfactory with most people in this country. 
  
Limited FoM, trade deals, mixed sovereignty, passporting. It ticks many many boxes on both sides. 
The guy who just said Trump isn't a peach is hilarious
It's coming. Don't wet yourself
To me, Doral will always just be a cheap smoke.
Back at it again with the incredible goalpost move!  Stunning display!
They sell guns in most places they just don't sell big scary black guns or tiny freaky hand guns. Only cheapo hunting stuff I think.
 Always heard that Chicago had a great Irish community (we do seem drawn to the rainy weather).

Yes, we are quite simply the best Irish American community in America of course! Screw New York and Boston..

Kidding folks... Kidding....
He's not "allowed" to talk about it now, he was not "allowed" to talk about it two weeks ago either. Why has he left it so late?
Pete is heading into the holiday season in excellent position.  If his fundraising is soaring, too, then he's going to have a great shot at winning the nomination.
You really think SH is scared or unable to defend himself against Sedar ? Like really. This is your position ?
Who's wearing the cleanest dirty shirt?
Not caring about it being nazi propaganda sounds like something a filthy centrist would say.
ancap


GROSS. NASTY. "EW" would be right... Except I troll ancrap subs. Yeah, crucify me just because I like to harass liberals. Ffs, your snap judgements are childish.

E: of course youll ignore facts because you're all up in your feelings. Get a clue.
Dude, that was just cold. Us Lions fans are hurt enough by the Lions themselves, that we don't need it from outside sources too.
#FUCK SOCIALISM AND ITS UGLY BIG BROTHER COMMUNISM!
I care in a dry, historical way.
I am almost positive NONE of these "outbreaks" has anything to do with the crimmigrants pouring into the country.
Genres of art according to /r/Art:

* Rainy cities or towns
* Awooga
* Fantasy / Scifi / Weeb shit
* Photorealism
* Old art in a new medium
* Portraits of famous people
Maybe people will take politics more seriously than just being worse than useless sheep. Trump is nothing more than a filthy low life criminal con man. Obama and Clinton devote their lives to service, and trump, a fucking proven idiot wins.
Jerrold Nadler, so hot right now
[Drunk Nixon]([URL]) ordered a nuclear strike in 1969.

Henry Kissinger told the military to wait till Nixon sobered up and then see if he really wanted to do it.
Well, it's on'n'n'on'n'on on'n'on,

the_donald don't stop until the win of Don.

I said D-O-N, A-L-D, a J with a yuge T,

I said I go by the unforgettable name

Of the man they call the **Centipede**.


That's why I call myself a dirty, dirty lobbyist for the American people.
Not surprising. Warren is basically Obama 2.0. If she gets elected we can all be happy for the first woman president then it’s back to the capitalist status quo.
I don't pay anything more than a nominal fee for all of that stuff. I'm saving far more without the free market.
Pleasure and expertise. Those who play tennis well or cook well experience a kind of pleasure unavailable to others. Is the same true for those who read well?
Whitehouse Transcript on Press Gaggle (begining is a little incorrect during the "inaudible" part): [URL]
Do you see history as being unkind to journalism of 1930's Germany? They'll get a pass.
Scalding Hail is a perfect metaphor for what a Trump presidency would be like.
Skinny people don't drink diet coke. 
Still, that's more evidence than, say, Trump's birther movement or the death panels or any other blatant bullshit the Right soaked up because they blindly hated Obama for being ____.
I'm fucking petrified by this photo.  Literally shaking... with 2A joy!

MAGA and Merry Christmas 'Pedes!
He only uses “nasty” for women
Michigan pedes you gotta vote this ugly bitch out
Did anybody else's brain just shut down and stop processing ANYTHING he's saying because it's so pointless?  Like "tasty food" made me refocus.
That's a short leap to some pretty ugly arguments. Eugenics. Nazi-style master races. No thanks. 

A more accurate statement is: the more humanity advances, the more completely it is expressed
Oh, totally. I'll guarantee a good many Ellesmere Port workers still think no deal is a great idea - even though it's been made crystal clear it will cost them their jobs. The degree of their idiocy is just staggering. 

What's more, a large proportion of Brexiters don't work.
The House of Representatives impeach. The Senate removes. Most likely, Trump will be impeached by The House. Most likely, Trump will NOT be removed by the Senate.
LEDs also use less electricity and don’t get hot.
i think you can't be terminally ill and not have those things on your mind.
If we didn't have councils abusing anti terror laws to combat people leaving their bins out too long, this would have a little more ground to stand on.

If we didn't have gov sources leaking diplomatic cables to score party points, this might be somewhat palatable.

It's still fucking stupid.
But why do you need to be the richest, if it is for the few? Isn't it better to be an average one and be happy too?
Depends on how snug my depends are 
"Donald Trump, who crawled through a river of D.C. swamp shit and came out clean on the other side."  - Red
Civil Decorum is gone. This is the New Left. Rules of Order are out the window. I'm unhappy so I'm going to whine over the top of the Committee Chairman.
It makes perfect sense if you’re an evangelical. 

I find your lack of faith disturbing. 

&#x200B;

Not making sense an expression of religious freedom.
Nancy Pelosi continues to work with Trump by refusing to impeach. She bent over backwards yesterday to allow the debt ceiling to be raised.

Shahid Buttar is her primary opponent in 2020. It's the opportunity to elect another AOC to Congress.

[URL]
Horrowitz actually referred people, including Comey, in his last report.  Barr just didn’t pursue it.  

Barr sent this one back and told Horrowitz to make sure that there was the statute broken written where it was broken.  Smart guy.
You know, TYT is really digging themselves and the Democratic Party a grave with this unfettered Pete hate. What if he gets the nomination? Are they going to support him? Or are they going to continue with this position they’ve twisted themselves in and divide the [URL]
What a gorgeous building.  Looks like a camshaft.  
I’m just tired and feeling a little burnt out. Don’t mind me.
Ok. Cool story. What is your point?
This is one that needs to be posted relentlessly across social media and plastered on every news sources website.

The president's main source for information is actual fake news
It’s rare that an absolute imbecile leaves such a detailed trail of their unchecked idiocy, but that’s one thing Trump is well above-average at doing.
Speaking for myself, I am probably a typical member of this site; I read on a regular basis many news sites both large, small, and obscure to gather the nuggets of truth for myself. It gives me a fairly good perspective of what is being said versus actually fact based truth.
MEME MAKERS please start dying his beard in various colors and making him look hideous like they do with Trump.  Associate NYT Brennan Pelosi and LGBT in items in the background. Put a picture of Bill Clinton and Epstein in a frame on the wall.
I meant local as in nl. There are no Republicans in Cville. Between mr ms-13, bigfoot cock, and Robert E Lee Jr, the VA GOP is about to be extinct
 Focus on the price and all the root problems of healthcare

People are still going to be getting sick and dying while this happens. Coverage needs to happen now.
[[URL]]([URL])

Do I upvote, or take a scalding shower?
That's pretty twisted man
My gott, this treshken is so tasty!
A:  The bombmaker is an exceptional idiot who could not follow internet instructions.

B:  They were intentionally made non-functional and delivered only to sow division and discord;  or maybe as part of a larger plan as yet unexecuted.
She got annoyed that men were staying silent when you know feminists would also get upset if they saw men parading in the streets, celebrating “International Men’s Day”. Tell me I’m wrong. 

It’s hypocrisy. I don’t like hypocrisy 🙂
To the freezing ass eskimos yes
freedom smells like depleted uranium
 but his silence is deafening

come on... over the top. He's had these spells of no tweets before, it never signals anything. When people try to read his 'tea leaves' they never glean anything, because trump is childlike - not strategic.
"Drunk"

We all know she was emergency plotting with her devious squad of pedos and what have you.
#####The Telegraph  
**_Lord Buckethead vs Count Binface: The real choice of the 2019 general election_**  
Click here for all the latest from the election trail:   
🕘 0:02:03  
📅 2019-12-10  
👍 349 👎 20  
[UKPolitics YouTube content bot™]([URL])
I genuinely feel bad for CA gun owners and I live in IL!

Little known fact, you can't actually own a normal semi-auto AR in CA.  [[URL]]([URL]) 

Yet mass shootings still occur there just like anywhere else... amazing.
You know what we used to do in the old days when we were smart? Right? The spies and treason, we used to handle it a little differently than we do now.”

That's real intimidating coming from this  obese, limp wristed fuck
It's not that difficult to understand.  It's primarily quiet racism, along with abortion.  And Fox News propaganda backing it all up.
Er, you know that the BBC is unbiased, right? Like, they got in trouble recently for running even the most tiny bit biased story.
It's about finding balance. I am part of a union at least 15% are bad actors because they can be. It was a genuine question since a lot of people I talk to in unions are annoyed that they work their ass off and watched other people get away with all kinds of shit.
Question(s) for you: Should the rest of the West be ready for a big win for Swedish Democrats? We're exhausted seeing the coverage of rapes, grenade attacks etc. Should we be confident Swedes will stand up finally?
They should be treated like the Trump administration has been treating migrants - no bed, no toothbrushes, no toiletries, drink out of the toilet, lights on 24x7, always cold...
Um, that's a theory alright. I think someone might recall that. Thatd be unforgettable and fucking obvious
get rid of all your Republicans - CA did and has a surplus, rainy day fund and voters taxed the rich through ballot initiative and CA is back to 5th biggest economy in the world and 2/3rds of national economic growth is happening in CA ... Repugs are destroyers and profiteers and nothing more
Turtle Tears Taste Tasty
Scoreboard- Dem candidates who had the courage to speak up for Tulsi:
☑️ Marianne Williamson
☑️ Andrew Yang

Those who refused:
🚫 Julian Castro

Deafening silence:
Bernie Sanders
Kamala Harris
Pete Buttigieg
Joe Biden
Elizabeth Warren
Beto O'Rourke
Cory Booker
Amy Klobuchar
Just watched this the other night, she was gorgeous
She was obviously coached a lot to try and sell the lie that is AGW. She does have her own natural nasty, self assured, egotistical attitude tho, so it isn't all the corrupt adults fault who brought her there.
If I know anything about capitalism is that it makes stuff unavailable to the poor. /s
Commercial Botox injection makes feeling anything impossible
Yea right...

Committee: Well, The President has appeared to have broken his oath.

Fox News: PRESIDENTS DONT HAVE OATHS. THIS IS THE DEMOCRATS TRYING TO MISINFORM YOU. IT SHOULD BE ILLEGAL TO BE A DEMOCRAT.
Oh for crying out loud. He's in bed with the Russians, he's cheated on his taxes, he eats babies, he's the devil incarnate. Does anyone remember when conservatives were the ones who sounded dumb?
If Trump, not some staffer, actually used the word "unflappable," I will eat *both* of my shoes.
I wish I had someone to tuck me in snug like that

Anywho, night!
He barely made it out last time, but yeah, send him back to the wolfs. 

The new pack is very hungry.
I once told my entire team at work that my pup would get a seat in the Titanic's rowboat before any of [URL] were a tight group.
My impression is this is a cold take in the PoliSci universe.
It's so ridiculous and silly everywhere but the worst part is where they blame competition for allowing underpayment for labor but use the same reasoning to say that you couldn't underpay on nonhuman factors of production.
Makebelievicus 420:69 - "And always pray for the President Of The United States, even if thou's President is a foul, obese, orange weirdo, for God requires you to do so under Article 9, sub-paragraph 4"
The difference between Hillary and Trump was the difference between a mediocre meal and *poison*. One is disappointing, but sustaining in a utilitarian way; the other is actively harming you--whether you admit it or not.
This is misleading since this doesn't apply to every where and is based upon ancient rights of way that are essentially roads. The government also has to be held to some similar rules though they can often ignore them.
Good recent science fiction movies: Eternal sunshine of the spotless mind, The man from earth, eXistenZ, Primer, Inception. 
To prove a point.

Bernie is so popular even his ads get gold.

While this is definitely silly, I think it sends an awesome message
Something unsettling about Baldwin - Has he ever flown on the Epstein Airbus with William and Co? 
I've done pipe and subprocess stuff in C, C# and Python, and it's just as ugly in every language.
Huh, so that's what tiny Hillary looked like. Honestly expected her to look...I dunno, it looks like she just got a really funny idea about putting a chalkboard eraser on top of an ajar door in this. 
Sure but we are our only reference point for intelligent species and potential motivations/behaviors. There's no way to know those same motivations would apply to aliens. Perhaps by the time we reach interstellar spacefaring civilization even we will have outgrown those destructive tendencies
Tired cliche from a spoiled douche leftist
Ok now this is epic!

Stunning and brave

Take *that* establishment!
Don't get it twisted!! We won tonight!!!
Blandrew is about as inspiring as a wet towel.
I'm not even an American and I am exhausted by this mess.  (Canadian neighbour next door)
Apparently this is highly offensive:

Comment in thread about Melania on 11/26/19:  'you can't make a ho a housewife.'

My reply: "you can lead a ho to the White House but you can't make her ho less"

*You've been banned from participating in* /r/politics
I watched this interview and Trump had no idea what Macron was talking about. He was trying to look intelligent and as if he was listening intently, but couldn’t even respond intelligently to most of what Macron was saying. What an embarrassment Trump is.
Do chubby loving chads get a diffrent name? I'm not up to date on my lonely bastard lingo.
Well she's acting  spokesperson for my entire Profession, for 2-3 minutes 

She's offered a reasoned + tempered  response. If she was actually angry she would have thrown herself into mistakes

She was really excellent.  That was fair and balanced
Who's this cute Lil lesbian and how tight is her pussy 😍😍😍
Sadly, extremists don't need to be statistically relevant to cause enormous damage. The extreme right has enjoyed a huge resurgence across the world, just because they haven't become relevant yet, doesn't mean we should wait until they are.
 Billionaire businessman philanthropist real estate developer playboy a president — he is the retard?

 Not the failed presidential candidate who sucked  nasty old Willie Brown’s dick in order to get her job with which she imposed draconian punishments on vulnerable populations?

__Honk Honk__  just another day in Clown World
It's ridiculous that a sub named /r/worldpolitics is 90% exclusive to the US. You get that same content from /r/politics and /r/news. Why make this sub an offbrand of those that pretends to care about the "world" instead of making it fill a useful niche?
Right, but person + no infrastructure = person making do in their own. factory + no infrastructure = pointless non-functional factory.

Infrastructure is nice but you don't need it to live. That said the inherent utility of infrastructure to the business is far greater than that to the person.
So the Trump Administration considers journalists and the free press as enemies?

The writers must be exhausted from tempo and plot twists in season 3 they are doing flashbacks to the pilot and early episodes of season 1.
We have a saying in my language, "Mahirap gisingin ang taong gising.", translates to "It's hard to wake up the awake."/"It's hard to wake people who are pretending to be asleep."
We are ramping up our navy ship and submarine production. Read up on the 350 ship navy. China is way more advanced in nuclear sub and navy tech, where as our fleet is depleted and aged out.
If your employer says you are not allowed to discuss your salary. Remind them of the fair pay act of 1914 that states it is illegal to discourage in any way, this open communication of pay amongst employees.  
Edit: national labor relations act of 1935... my bad
It was tasty but nothing, absolutely freakin nothing, will ever be better than watching Chris Matthews, Joy Reid, Laurence O'Donnell, Richard Maddow, Chuck Todd, et al gnash teeth and tear their collective hair out on election night 2016.
Yes, clearly, when one says something, they must stick to it no matter what happened. Your logic is impeccable, are you a Rhodes Scholar by any chance? 
She really had that fine, thin, blond 'Roger Ailes' look to her that Trump and the other cheese dicks of the GOP appreciate so much, didn't she. (How any woman can possibly vote for these miserable SOB's, I simply don't understand.)
Another opportunity for Turkish thugs to beat down citizens and threaten Secret Service agents on American soil. Hope Trump Hotel Istanbul or whatever quid pro quo Fat Don received was worth betraying the Kurds and American values.
All of Trump’s Foreign Policy Initiatives Are Failing

NOT TRUE!  Many if not most have already failed, died a miserable death.
Full windsor is my favorite, but that's because I wear them loose (part of the whole aspie thing; I can't stand pressure on my neck) and the full windsor will stay put even if you don't pull it snug.
I'm not certain, but it sounds a lot like the guy who said "That was funny when I said..." was not Trump, but whoever it was that Trump was talking to.
Nah, let them live with guilt, much more tasty. Those babies would've grown up to be genderfluid antifa libtards anyway. Take 'em out before they poison our country. If anything, we should be going door to door asking pregnant libtards if they've considered the wonderful concept of abortion.
It's called "starving the beast" or "rationalizing our hypocrisy".
Jokes on you buddy I never went to college. Pretty funny this article ended up here lol.
The discussion is civil, the content is not
 History will remember Obama as a mediocre president of little note. No different than Millard Fillmore.

I'll argue that you're wrong, and history will remember a difference between Obama and Fillmore.
The arrogance of this man is stunning. I'm now starting to wonder about his version of events with Loretta Lynch. He comes across as entirely capable of building a scenario in his mind where he has to act in order to "save the country."
Throwing wealthy land owners in jail? Whoa, calm down there Lenin, this ain't the motherland.
Anyone know if there's a way to find out predicted times for announcements of certain constituencies?

Want to stay awake for Bury North but only if it's within the next half hour...
Just because they are from the Northeast doesn’t mean their policies aren’t attractive for the Midwest!
Why are the other candidates for Governor not “wary” of the ride along? Maybe they realize men and women can ride in cars together and not be accused of anything. 

This guy sounds like he could fit in The Handmaid’s Tale quite easily.
horrific idea
A lot of doom and gloom but I am seeing Sanders stay on point, unflappable, on message and keeping his cool.
My Nigerian roommate (super intelligent) honestly believed "we don't have gay people" when I first met him. Pretty sure he knows now...
  a cleanish criminal record

Not Hillary then
I am very wary of using governmental force in situations like that. That's how you get tyranny. 

What I AM in favor of is citizens shutting them down. Don't give them a platform. 
It will thin out the lines in Idlib a bit.
% of Labour voters who'd be "delighted or pleased" if the Labour Party said it would...

Stop Brexit: 63%

Proceed with Brexit: 22%

via YouGov, 17 - 19 Dec
I'm not saying her policy rhetoric was resonant or memorable, I'm just saying it definitely existed.
The schadenfreude is delicious
Sorry, the most transparent president ever has decided to block access to the logs.
People die of homelessness and poverty all the time in the US.

The threat is starving. You have a false choice of starving or working for someone else. As opposed to a socialism or communism where it works for themselves and the community.
You left out the part where a significant percentage of them find her attractive and resent her for that fact, too.
Good luck :)
GenX was the first. We're small, but we're here and we're with you. Please don't forget about us.
Nah, options were limited but Trump had a few doors just a bit ajar to sneak through. Friday shut them all.
This is great. His reasons make sense. I would add his gifts--amazing intellect, pragmatism, unflappable calm demeanor, ability to identify structural flaws and come up with practical fixes, and his commitment to equality and general kindness-- all of these things make him exactly what we need right now.
Nice to know that your open about revoking property rights and the rule of law
On Easter instead of hiding eggs and hunting for them we use dead babies. We follow it up with delicious fetus stew with a dollop of creme fraiche. It's great!
They see "scarce" and think it means very little amount.  They do not realize that it means somebody has to get it for them.  That is apparently free, for you know, the LateStage guys.
Or Tracey Ann Oberman or Rachel Riley, or Luciana Berger.. All very intelligent people that almost certainly don't read the right wing press.
Disgusting and possibly illegal? that a CITY COUNCIL thinks it can TAUNT a public company like this.


I'd **LOVE** to see this be a flag with bacon on it being flown near a new mosque in a city. Oh the delicious, hypocritical, outrage, we'd see...
A warm up for the biggest landslide victory in history.
Those poor kiddos look so unhappy. Probably hate Maine and want to go home. Pawns in a game.
Yes lol. If anyone needs a good laugh, it's hilarious!
It blatantly doesn't. It blatantly rewards corruption and grift. You cannot say that it doesn't. Labor is being robbed of their value, while a tiny few have so much they'll never be able to spend it all. Labor exists without capital. Capital doesn't exist without labor.
Is she announcing she’s going to end it because her donors are tired of the stock market falling?
mostly joking, but they do make my skin crawl for reasons i can't quite articulate. the forced cheeriness is really unsettling. 
Corbyn looks petrified there. His face is like "No, don't let them take me!"

What are they doing to him behind closed doors?

EDIT: Rewatched and this isn't fear, it's the red mist of fury. Jesus it's scary.
So now are they the slightly tipsy peasants?
Oh Shit, I haven't laughed this much in a long time. My stomach is hurting.

I predicted a damp squib, and we didn't even get that Hahahaha.
Only 20% survive 1 year and only 7% survive 5 or more. So, yeah, it’s a beast. 

My dad died from it and it wasted him away from strong and vigorous to skeleton thin in about 8 months.
It's great to see that Harry Reid has mastered the Alynsky tactic of picking a target and freezing it and polarizing it.  
Not sure Spiner has the ability to play as cold and soulless a machine as Stone.
You seem confused... Do you not realize that white people are bad???
You all were in an impossible situation with Brexit. Hopefully the issue will be behind you very quickly and you all are able to refocus your efforts on the main parts of your manifesto. Wish you the best.
How does it feel to live every day of your life pissed off and trying to piss off others?  The only people that care are the people that live to be pissed off every day.  What a miserable sub.
Parents are not forced to stop treatment for terminally ill children in the US if a doctor has agreed to help the child no. If it occurred people would be justifiably outraged. 
If Bill Gates isn’t an ally in your mind in trying to make the world better then I hope you enjoy your small group of people who somehow are.
It normalizes it because animals are delicious.
Sorry, this website [URL] is not available through Sky.

We are required by Court order to prevent access to this site in order to help protect against copyright or trademark infringement.

Big oof.
R u another baghead that thinks humans r somehow wronging u due 2 nature imposing burdens such as hunger, cold, etc on u?
Ok cool, tell the white house to make the documents they're holding and the witnesses they're blocking from testifying available and we can talk about Schiff. Deal?
Adults aren't at risk from antivaxxers.

Their prey are small children.
Lol I was laughing reading your previous comment. But apparently I’m offended. Guess I’ll go run into my safe space and repeat “he is not my president” over and over again to help myself calm down. Thanks brother!
I'm not sure if you're saying alienation is unsolvable or that it's not a problem worth solving
Yeah.  It's not like $400 from a billionaire is going to clean them out.
perfect opportunity to bring back meme flairs

i miss fruit basket cory and clearly annoyed hillary
They're so skinny. 
That's how most gun free zones are "enforced" bro. Airports, schools, and gvt buildings are the exceptions pretty much, not an example of the rule.
"More successful leftist parties" is pretty vague. The Labour Party? The French Socialist Party? The DSA? And in what does "success" consist? And wash out your mouth with that filthy phrase, "trot wreckers." It reeks of genocide.
If god wanted us to live in the arctic, he'd had made us able to naturally deal with the cold.
1/4 black. I guess that it is black in 'Murica with their one drop rule.
The malnourished term was a poor choice of words from his part. Honestly what annoyed me most was the premise that both he and his interrogators seemed to accept which is that the average gay or single parent is unconcerned about this stuff. I just cant imagine that being the case. 
Democrats have used something sacred like impeachment just to please their idiotic screeching base. You will regret this. I cannot wait.
Projection to the dirty end.
Welfare that *increases* the marginal incentive to get a raise, assures a liveable wage while minimising minimum wage distortions, and singapore-style mandatory savings that are conditionally guaranteed when depleted to establish a strong safety net while preserving a sense of ownership. 
Repugnicunts are so desperate to hold onto their stolen power and ill-gotten Russian dark money.

Nothing but lies, misdirection and desperation.
I still like the gif. Trump is unflappable!
Never not funny!    

How it descends into just angry grunting.
Oh the old "If you have nothing to hide why not let the police ransack your house?" arguement. We live in the US friend, if you want to just endlessly harass people with baseless "investigations" from the government until they disappear go to china.
The more capitalist-aligned a state is, the more likely it is to be progressive on lgbt issues.

That'[URL]'s really not how it is but ok buddy, you do you I guess.
Any chance it will turn around at some point? Or will it just go on until you rip each other apart? The trend is a bit unsettling, especially for us in allied nations.
[Obligatory Hamilton gif]([URL])
[URL] the chubby white looking woman.  Hmmm.
Ah.  The left is lying, the right is lying, only the incels have the truth.  If everyone else is so wrong, why are ya'all so unhappy?
It is ridiculously hard to get tenure cut. Dude who started the crisis actors and Sandy Hook narrative kept his job for years.
Video is unavailable.
I bet their investors would be delighted to get involved in the quagmire of becoming the judge of acceptable Internet blathering.
You could save it for a rainy day, but the umbrella will cost more.
[How I imagine somebody when they give a scalding hot take but refuse to reply/defend it.]([URL])
No, but Harris is absolutely fucking tipsy and took 2 valium. Wtf
Maybe a good time to find out if their sandwiches are any good
He's a piece of human garbage but I still don't believe that throwing scalding hot coffee on someone is an acceptable way to show disapproval.
Iran is a fiercely independent country, they won't bow [URL] to Trump.

Obama had some gigantic blunders regarding foreign policy, but the Iran deal was one of the few things he got right. 
Yes, they are. They will smear us however they can, no matter how ridiculous it is.

What's really funny is that [there's now a wikipedia article detailing media bias against Bernie.]([URL])
You are aware lots of people come to Canada to buy meds as they are super cheap compared to your system. Americans go to other counties all the time for healthcare.
I would say it's technically possible but practically impossible for this to be a feminist practice.
What?  Why else would they be hacking Ohio?  It’s a swing state.  Why is it a swing state?  Large number of electoral votes.  So you tip the scales towards one party with a few hacks and suddenly your candidate gets a huge boost.
Advice: Meet Japanese people. Take them firearm safety and take them to a shooting range. Unforgettable experience! Remember they don't have nor handle firearms.
Pretty sure it's a computer doing transcription these days.
Remember to wear a warm coat when you leave for school tomorrow. It's going to be cold and we wouldn't want you to catch a cold.
In fairness, he could be a blackout drunk or just, having done this so often, the faces all blur together because none of these encounters were with anyone he gave a shit about.
Afghanistan is still not defeated. 

Vietnam won. Doesn't matter how long it takes. An empire can't wage war against a prolonged popular insurgency without bleeding itself dry
Wow look at these angry leftists. 
I guess the old saying was true..."Disagree with a Rightist you're [URL] with a Leftist and you're a monster."

They're really that Retarded.
Your Magic-8 Ball is faulty.

This is not an academic study, it's methodologically garbage. The dataset they're using is "crowd sourced" and a clear methodology is unavailable on the website. 

That's the antithesis of reliable data collection. 

This article is some really, really bad science. 
Like the delusional Holocaust Deniers, liberals are often infected with Gun Ban deniers, who despite all the evidence to the contrary, still cling to the ridiculous notion that Democrats have not repeatedly attempted to ban firearms in America.

[URL]
It's expensive but reasonably fun

Edit: They've started to fix what my main problem with the game which was that the mid-game has in the past been relatively dry.
Are they getting a search warrant because someone said something “unkind” on the interwebs? Lol..... because if not, i think that even in the UK they can be told to go f.. themselves when they knock at your door.
Studies have shown that making suicide harder, more painful, or difficult reduces the rate significantly. Obviously you can also slit your wrists but it makes suicide much harder to consider/execute. 

Source: [URL]
Her brain's ajar.
Not at all. Sanders is the most likely canidate to win in terms of campaign and message that deals with people's largest concerns this election cycle.
If you don't care why did you post this in an open discussion forum?
I can see why Trump picked Pence. He seems unflappable.
It's unsolvable, except by anprims
on a more macro scale, other paradigms have shifted too.  local food is now scarce, expensive, and desirable.  imported food is now ubiquitous, cheap, and undesirable.  
He probably tried to rape her but couldn't get it up because he's old and chubby.
Not saying that it qualifies Pete by itself, but it does show a certain level of intellectual dexterity that any president ought to have.
Alex Jones will be delighted to hear this.
the problem of "addressing poverty" of the students' families is unsolvable. especially if it's generational poverty (i.e. lifestyle, culture).

Except for you know social programs that help them be lifted out of poverty.
His shtick is tired, he constantly self sabotages, people are exhausted and he's historically unpopular.
And counter-suing all the women he groped because they maligned his impeccable reputation.
Breckenridge here. 1000 a month for a bedroom. And that’s still considered low.
All those god fearing republicans that secretly loved freeing slaves and fled to the rural parts of the country to replace uber liberal democrats hell bent on being the real racists
Pay for my stolen baubles you filthy peasants!
It's projection from reactionaries who are petrified of their girls leaving them for a stronger, more attractive guy (who may or may not be black). A cuck is the worst thing one can be, because the thought of being one scares them.
Chubby would Atomic Butt Stomp that Hag
Trump smiling is unsettling 
Do you think it’s possible to have a neurology that more closely correlates with a different gender, in the same way that intersex people have certain parts of their biology that match a different gender?
Allegedly. Numbers have been twisted before, and they will be twisted now.
How would this work? What would the plan look like? Who would determine its feasibility? Will it be satisfactory to medical patients and care providers? How would corruption be controlled? Who would plan its implementation or integration with existing Medicare?
"I work for the Government" sounds a lot better than "I spend my days in a damp office shitposting pro-Government ''opinions'' on Reddit", I think you're giving them too much credit.
Well, unfortunately, we can’t say that yet. If Trump gets re-elected, I’m not sure that it will be unkind.
Huntsville is nice as far as cities in Alabama go, but I would be wary of the Brown's ferry nuclear plant in Decatur.  I wouldn't want to be living anywhere near there
\As lawless as Trump is...  


Is there even one evidence that Trump is lawless? What the actual fuck, he is talking about propaganda, when there are no cold hard facts, only rotten journalists and political machinations.
“Safe legal and rare” is some of the biggest BS
I'm a Bernie supporter who used to have Warren as close second, but now she's looking less and less attractive. Nate Robinson explained it well:

[The Prospect of an Elizabeth Warren Nomination Should Be Very Worrying]([URL])
Well said. I'm reminded of this Carlin quote:

 It's called the American Dream, because you have to be asleep to believe it.
You’re implying we shouldn’t allow corporations to exist but they are products of the free market. Restrictions on them are restrictions on the FREE market.
IN MY DEFENSE: I was a little tipsy and a lotta sleepy when I posted that.
Yet your posts are almost exclusively defending or sucking off fat orange. Strange how that works, isn’t it? Cultist dipshit.
How many compared to brits? 
Did I say it was impossible? I said it requires paperwork from the employer to get q work visa and proof that they can't find a qualified person from the EU. Which puts their CV at the bottom of the pile.
I'm so happy California's primary is earlier this time around.  It's about time the most populous state had a larger say in our elections.
I gotta say, one of the funnest years of my life was spent living in a van in PB San Diego.  Met a lot of unforgettable people on the street there.

If they let people know what areas are safe and where they won't piss people off, it could be fine. 
Our network was 'too slow to recognize the hideous ~~nature~~ optics...'    
FTFY
Don't be silly.

Workers do gave a choice, that's why strikes and social democrat politicians are coming back.


Workers can ask why workers wages stagnate while ceos multiply and change it. 



The big co op in spain voted on their wage rations.

Workers in Denmark regulate the private sector with unions.
 My understanding is that the campaign had already been in touch with all these people about the Douglass Plan. It wasn't a "cold" e-mail, but rather a "here is the op-ed we talked about, please let us know if you no longer wish to be included".
She was a centrist, so her voters will probably go to Biden, and she'll likely endorse him before too long.
"A dead man in robes said that 'shall not be infringed' doesn't mean 'shall not be infringed'" isn't a rebuttal. Scalia's beliefs are irrelevant. A person's beliefs don't counter cold, hard facts.
I'm kind of dark on that subject, care to explain?
Low IQ individual
King George spent money on his royalty. She's trying to help the middle class at the expense of egregious oligarchs who are hell bent on controlling the majority wealth of this country instead of spreading it. 
Scalding hot and based? I cannot understand how Rebel got so cucked.
I think someone who is terminally ill or is old and wants to die with [URL] the right to end their life on THEIR own terms.  I'm for this!
I’m sorry for your loss, friend.


It’s always difficult losing family,and that’s what good dogs are. 


My thoughts and prayers are with you this holiday season. 


Merry Christmas and MAGA!
"Trump is just like Jesus?

" Cool! Let's nail him to a cross and see what happens! "
You think we like finding bad shit about Trump? We would be delighted if he proved us all wrong and made a half decent president of himself. 
Must be nice to have a job where that's possible...
And explosives and cannons, artillery and cavalry.

Rocket launchers should also be allowed.

The 2A protects your right to go to war against the government that you have unsolvable grievances against.
A tiny strip of locked land in the middle of a hot desert with little water between two larger nations? Good luck to any group who seriously tries to claim that place.
So how much cancer causing Round-Up do you want in your Cheerios? It isn't the modification per se that is dangerous. It is most of the modifications are to make crops immune to dangerous herbicides and pesticides so they can be soaked in them which gets more of these poisons into the food supply.
"I'm acting like an [URL] purpose!!!"

Ah yes, the refuge of the twelve year old caught in bad behavior.
You joke.  Remember when we joked about this guy getting elected?  Be wary.  There is a good chance he will get another 4 years.
I'm so fucking SICK of the Trump show.  FUCK SAKES.  Please make this end.
Oopfh!  😳

Edit - [URL] steaming.
Red states should be welcoming these poor people into their amazing societies. They have the fix, so this should be simple. Bus homeless to red districts so that they can help the poor the best way they know how.
Waiting for "the President died at 2:37 Eastern Time. Doctors say his condition is satisfactory"
Fear Monger white supremacist until stochastic terrorism happens and then gas light the rest of the nation by blaming it on immigrants, thus fear mongering white supremacists and increasing the chance of another terrorist event for you to manipulate.  

Anybody noticing the pattern?
Listened to 104. Didn't realize at first it was 12 min, but a whole lot of inaudible. People start talking at 9:06ish, but hard to listen. Maybe like 3-4 people talking together. Someone's birthday. Cake....

Edit: probably going to get another one 
Where's the evidence that terrorists are pouring over the border as immigrants/refugees? It all seems like an assumption to me.
Didn’t our own based Mr. Fitton get that taken care of at least in LA County?

Spez: The clean voter rolls that is...
 you don't win oral arguments, you survive them"

and for the perfect example of someone not surviving, Citizen's United.  The government lost the moment they said that it was proper to ban a book critical of a politician.
Yes, not treating someone nicely for openly comparing human beings to dogs makes me wrong and the bigot right. Absolutely. I am delighted that people like you hate me for not accepting people like that.
When someone says that I always throw back the fact that there was 10 unique numbers on Epstein's phone to contact Trump, Clinton had one.


Edit: add url [URL]
A light rain is tolerable, even enjoyable, but heavy rain.. "Hoodie wet, shirt wet, shoes and socks soaked. Goddamit!"
Schiff is not a special counsel.
Do me a big favor. Turn off the news, the computer, leave your phone, and exit the house. Breath in the air, feel the warmth of the sunshine, and try to be less cynical. You’re being scared and that’s what the news wants to sell you.
If I'm wrong I'll be delighted:) If you (and Bercow) are wrong, we won't like the result: Seems to me that the opposition at least need to consider all options on how to block a no-deal. Instead of assuming they already have a perfect solution...
Lol. Take seed, plant it, watch it grow. There were not some out of planet plants needing special techniques.
Here is the CBO score of the skinny repreal: [URL]

In what way do you believe passing this bill would help Americans?
I'll just leave the wiki page of its leader here - suffice to say, his history of intellectual honesty isn't spotless. 

[URL]%27Keefe
Personally, I don’t care how many men, women, people of a certain color, of a certain sexuality, etc. are in government. 

I care about how many competent and wise people are in government. It seems like those are the minority now.
no i dont think it is a question of bias... i have not been abused and i am still against it.   and it upsets me too that those things were not enough to prevent him taking the white house.  he is not the only problem here.
Great point.  And when Republican voters start showing corruption fatigue and risk not showing up at the polls, impeachment is going to start looking more attractive.  At that point, however, it may be too late.
&#x200B;

Radical change IS bad 

Depends, doesn't it?  Isn't every poor person who buys a lottery ticket looking for radical change?
I'm plastered tonight

EDIT: I apparently said this somewhere else already w/e
Yes but the main reason Trump is so bad is that he keeps corroding democracy. Your solution to that seems to be to fully remove voting rights from an enormous portion of the population. That's worse than what Trump is doing.
This is definitely one of the better Beaverton articles I've read, absolutely hilarious. They just keep getting better.
It's a travesty it's only one day.  Why? There's literally no reason for that.  Just open the polls on Nov 1st and close them the 14th or something.
but they will serve to eliminate the low IQ, low motivated, not paying attention, incompetent, helpless, ignorant, and unmotivated

Except all these people still have a right to vote.
Not to pass judgment on the substantive merits of this discussion, but this is such a tiny and unimportant issue compared to the amount of energy spent talking about it that I have to believe there’s something else motivating it.
 America is still standing

you may be standing in a constant pouring rain of nonsense shit.  the ocean of shit you could be swimming in for the next 40 years may not clean up so quickly and nicely.
Seriously though, imagine you transition, compete in women's sports, and *still lose*. That would be hilarious.
Regardless of whether or not they matter significantly in this election cycle, I'm petrified that the christian-industrial complex will turn off millennial voters from the republican party and by extension conservatism for years to come.
What's so hard to understand about the fact that Obama needed the consent of a Republican controlled Senate.  Trump has a Republican controlled senate. End of story no?
He may well be but the Jacobin does publish some high quality articles and unfortunately that's not so common in left-wing media (it publishes some mediocre texts, too).
They love it because it makes liberals unhappy. That is literally the only factor republicans use to make decisions anymore.
The Springs has a gorgeous location right under Pike's Peak, but everything else is not interesting to me.  
Evan Davis was having none of it today on R4 PM. Andy McDonald was brilliant on it. I wonder if the BBC comments got some hackles up. You shouldn't bite the hand that feeds.
I just really want to find out how hard it is to get banned from various political subs I think next I’m going to go after thedonald
These guys are working on great and cheap battery tech the do these to sell you something DIY project style and support their work rather than E begging so please give them a look and help make us all energy independent.
I'm not sure that people really care about Biden's age. If he has a younger VP with a cleanish record, does it really matter? Trump isn't very popular, and like you said, isn't even that much younger than Biden.
You madam or sir, should run someone's campaign or adopt "sloganman/woman" as an alter ego. That, over a picture of an oil soaked coastline, would be brilliant.  
So brave and stunning!
Mattis seems cleanish. But he's never been political. 
American politics is enslaved to special interests. [Warren has an actual plan to "drain the swamp,"]([URL]) and end corruption. Unlike Trump who appointed executives from Goldman Sachs and OneWest Bank to his cabinet.
[Democrats are proud pedophiles and pedophile lovers.]([URL])

Ever wonder why the Clinton's get a pass for being at Epstein's pedo-island and pedo-ranch so many times?

These people are SICK.
I would estimate around 1500 tanks being damaged and destroyed since the beginning of the war. Thats a lot of tanks.
Large hands.
But not Bill Clintons! The hypocrisy is deafening with them.
Why the fuck are you so quiet? Do you disagree with the prosecution or not?
Mr Z looked fucking miserable. this won't help him at home.
This happens every day. The silence is deafening
Quiet a record
I'm as snug as a bug boys
I've been donating $100 a month for a while now.  these recurring contributions are beginning to bleed me dry though.
I can tell by his comment “nasty” that the PM is a woman. 

So predictable. What a sexist our president is.
If you're going to pick a doctor for your upcoming surgery, do you want a doctor that's had a 40 year career of being excellent or a doctor who has only recently become good?
 Cold comfort for change 

Couldn't that refer to prostitutes?
The woman 2nd from the right on the bottom is Yvette Velasco. Who shoots an attractive woman? Someone infected with the Islamist mind virus, that’s who.
Another British alt right dickhead that needs to mind his own fucking business.

Seriously, the amount of British twitter celebrities on Trump's cock is unsettling.


Quiet narc
If you stored some for a "rainy day" you just got very rich
Men are scared, and feminists are delighted. 

This article can go fuck itself. 
Good job centipede, you are in for an unforgettable experience 
Macron has absolutely no influence. It's brilliant.
Good. It's vital to be crystal clear with these people.
Is there more of the actual footage? Cause this doesn't seem like that big of a deal
Nunes' enormous signs are plagueing nearly every businesses street corner here in Fresno right now. I see a lot of small Janz signs throughout neighborhood lawns though.
Our lives are worse off because of idiotic Republican voters who treat the government like a team sport. Republicans are only politicians. Only democrats are effective at governing
You mean the same elections that you are calling cleanish which put Maduro in power? Which is it?
Don't worry, the gelfings are almost extinct and when they go so do the skexies.
It would be hilarious if they held the Sunderland vote count up.
This is exactly what it is. Guy is powerless to the attractive woman, who is without question a new age liberal like others her age. Instead of standing up for his son he just wants to placate this abuse
I think that's weak.  Personally I won't support any candidate who doesn't have the guts to make their position on gun-control crystal clear.  The days of walking on eggshells around the NRA are over.
If by cute you mean someone balled up a damp wetsuit and put it away in a dusty damp bag and left it there for 9 years... Yeah I guess. 
It's no surprise this people are unhappy and miserable and try to blame everyone else.
He probably was happy because he as a cis white male that deserved it

Or whatever those retards believe.
Why did you leave the door ajar? Why not just unlocked?
Are you drunk? Your response is so cartoonishly over the top. Thank you for being an example of exactly the kind of cretinous hate I don't want my vote to empower. There's something wrong with you folks.
I really thought he was being critical to climate activism. Silly me
That last season was so unforgettable and terrible. Couldn’t believe that the quality had taken such a fall. 
I am delighted by the tweet but do agree with you.
It's like somehow the shitty trolls of Internet took over government.  It might be funny now to them, but this shit is going to hurt them too.  I guess "owning the libs" is the only thing in their lives they have to be happy about.
Our Readership Is At An All-Time Low (and That's A Good Thing).
It seems like every decade or so, a large portion of us forget how horrific war is and the political/media conditions preceding the last ones we were in.
Why? Driving a Toyota Yaris over what I have now would almost certainly bore me to death. It's a very miserable experience.
**Palestinian immigrant** (cucked soy boi skinny armed faggot) "damn those legally liscenced gun safety trained gun owners" #shakes fist in the air#
It's cold, wet and miserable.

They want people who haven't made up their minds yet and would rather spend their time trying to convince them than someone who has already made up their mind.

Don't take it personally, they're just making the best use of their time.
I'll say again what got me banned from T_D:  Banning Crowder or any other content creator is the free market correcting itself. If you don't like it, vote with your wallet and go use another service or create your own.
Well that's a nice way of looking at it! Anyhow, this is a good time to cross the "red line" since the Left just got done with major campaigning and are probably exhausted.
Trophy hunting reeks of small dick energy.
I mean the gungans and pod racing is pretty straightforward linear progression. The senate stuff is difficult to follow so I'll give you that. But I just saw ROS. It's worse than 1.
If you're worried about aging out of your current job, then ubi is for you. 1k a month will give you time to find another if you want one. (many people are low on work these days).or just retire and still have money to supplement retirement savings.
This is the rare case where I think you can actually say that this person is doing this just for attention.
If you can provide a nation that became either Communist or Socialist and did not either utterly collapse or become a failed state after it's resources were exhausted by greedy leaders, then by all means, you have google. 
This is why I find the left's hatred of *Citizens United* hilarious. The primary holding in the opinion was that **workers** could join their money together to advocate specific politics.
I wish cops would stop showing up to these scummy people's houses when they are in trouble since liberals pretty much fucking hate all cops. Would love to see those neighborhoods get overrun when the police stop showing up.
Great, one down. Now we just need to clean up the rest of the sniveling politicians who think they have the power and right to take civilian firearms away
Yang has good intentions and is a good + intelligent person regardless of what you think about his policies
Me too - until May.

We're ancient

Kids better respect our wisdom
Jesus Christ her face and look is so ugly it's physically unsettling. 
yeah can we talk about the guy with 2 broken legs?
Perhaps people are unhappy with him wanting to aid and assist Russia.   Just a guess.
Hence why I said it's unsolvable.  I wasn't just being facetious when I said "delete the internet".
What does equal opportunity even mean? How would you measure that? Why wouldn't equal outcomes within some neighborhood be an adequate measure?
Whenever I see content like that, I assume it’s an ad. 

Really? 151,000 people all really like that UPS is good at delivering packages? That’s the most popular thing of the day? Hmmmm...
What it is special legal treatment for large corporations, unavailable to individuals and small corporations.

Its bullshit regardless whether its slap on the wrist or not.
Why not make all species go extinct and get money?!

Lmao the environment doesn't matter, god will restore it. /s
I could not be more proud of the people of Texas and Louisiana working together to save lives.  The rebuilding has begun in a few areas.  Delighted to see government, public and private organizations working so well together.  
Obligatory r/drumpfisfinished
If they do this, I bet $200 that Donald tweets about how poorly he was treated with no word on the blood soaked protesters from his friend Erdogan. 
"I am going to go for a smoke and leave this door ajar. Nobody better go in. *Especially* not those girls right there! That would be terrible!"

No the interpretation if the content is the major issue and until something crystal clear comes up in a leak then screw this wikileaks b.s. we AIN'T HAVING IT PAL.
You can get uranium at Costco now?  What about myranium? Sorry I’m half asleep
I call bullshit. USA? The south drowns, plains dry up or tornados make it impossible, the Mississippi says FUCK ya’ll,  west coast burns. Everyone else refugees the fuck out to Canada. 

Northern Russia / Siberia opens up as a bountiful resource. 🧐
Is Parnas trustworthy?

He had ties to the Vienna Russian mobster, Filpash (sp) and thereby to Putin.

Would Putin have an interest in sowing doubt into these impeachment hearings by having Lev deliver tainted testimony?

I would be very wary of this guy.
Astrology is considered to be obligatory to believe in and praise in liberal circles now, so no surprises here. 
If wanting black folks in Chicago to stop shooting each other then I guess sign me up for the Klan?
Right because it's impossible to funnel money to him through various pacs and dark money groups...
It's universal **basic** income, not universal comfortable income

It's disappointing how people so often overlook it, and go on to take silly positions
We are still waiting for his "before 2015" tax return. Of course, if he's such a "transparent" and pristine individual, his tax return(s) should be spotless, right. Unfortunately, we never know. 
Pretty sure Warren, Sanders, Booker, Kamala, and Gabbard would too.
Bloody freezing at the mo. :-(
Upvote for impeccable manners!
problem is that the uk doesn't have a truly right wing party. Do you really think a johnson will be able to end years of socialism.

People only vote for him because they were tired of remoaners.
I dunno, she’s pretty hot.
Fake news literally plastered all over their website as headline news. 

Why do people defend this newspaper anymore?
God also made him have scalding burns all over his legs a month ago that required a four day stay in the hospital. One would hope he humbles and tones that crap down, unlikely though. 
lol pakis have treated white girls like trash for decades and are the overwhelming members of western grooming gangs,i bet now its their little girls getting shafted there is suddenly an outcry

we should do what they do,accuse them of racism and chineseophobia and not all chinese hashtags on twitter lmao
I'm not saying it isn't potentially good, but it's silly to write it off obviously positive.  The headline could just as easily read "Pharma now allowed to test experimental drugs on the terminally ill." 
And yet somehow, if Hillary had won, she'd be walking down that same street at the same time feeling all snug and secure?  Really?  Explain why that would be.
I see it as his 'privilege'.  The story is that he used to purposefully skinny dip in his pool when there were female Secret Service staff present--that says it all.
 Really hogwash?

Yes. Really hogwash.

 You can't say unethical and mean spirited white house while defending dragging a minor into an impeachment trial.

Good thing that didn't happen.

Or are you saying that it's an insult to point out that Barron Trump is not an actual Baron?
You’re right. I’m on a farm in Mississippi and once raised guineas. They are excellent watchdogs and tick eaters but they’re obnoxiously loud and easily triggered. I was not sad when a hawk took my last one.
While we wait for the bullshit to unfurl...
   
Anyone else notice the dims scheduled their next debate for the same night the new Star Wars comes out?  Guess the diminishing ratings on those shitshows weren't low enough for them yet.
Have you seen what happens to cotton sugar when it gets wet? Well.....
Yep, collard greens are tasty.
Well yeah. I was honestly surprised at how squeaky clean they are. I expect most organizations to have at least a little bit of corruption. These guys are spotless.
holy shit, imagine being that pathetic. That's gotta be a miserable existence. 
It is awesome. It'll give you guts you didn't even know you had. The eyes of the doctor looking to the heavens as he died on the battlefield were unforgettable. Also, the badass farmer and Sam Adams-amazing characterization.
We're not talking Injurylawyers4U calibre of ambulance chaser here, and yes, they're lawyers they'll be making bank regardless of if it's rainy or sunny.
Boris Johnson is launching his campaign exclusively by recycling a line from a column of his 10 years ago, about Brown/Darling having a 50p top rate.

Cheap to recycle lines but so what tbh

Also that design is horrid, it's like what happens when you print a hyperlink
OK so it's not a bread monopoly, but we are collectively starving for bread and those who do hold the bread are profiting nicely without ever working to produce the bread.
gerrymandering, voter suppression, the electoral college, foreign interference in elections, Citizens United and dark money, fake news, a disproportionate Congress
Scalding take: The EITC is a good antipoverty program.
I gaurantee you as someone who was at one time spending $10-$20k per day on ads that political ad spend is a tiny fraction of what is actually spent on facebook ads.
Liberals look at temperature data from the mid-1800s on and that's it. The Earth is obviously going to appear to be heating at a ridiculous rate because the Little Ice Age ended in 1860.
This also means that non-whites (except for historically Northern or Arctic-living mongoloids) cannot derive adequate nutrition due to the different sunlight and climate at the poles. 
I dont see how him being there, drunk, alone, and with no alcohol that he drank is too little evidence
I'm driving a standard as well.
Hard to find automatic trannies for 87 Jeeps, rare breed.
If he was an inch shorter he would be classified as obese and if he was 6 pounds heavier he would be obese (both per BMI). At that height and weight he’s at 29.5 anyways. That super convenient and makes it really obvious imo that the listed stats are fabricated
Two questions:

(1) For those who have advocated worker ownership – would it be (hypothetically) possible to have property rights at all, in the absence of a state? 

(2) How would we distribute scarce resources under communism? 
I'm sick of "word on the street." I'm hungry for justice. And I want my gov't to quit dicking around. 
My ancestors were literally neanderthals and humans made them go extinct. So why should I pay a higher tax rate than bernie sanders?
Sounds to me like you are afflicted with Big Fat
That too. He can hardly turn America into the Republic of Gilead with only a thin majority in the Senate.
It's not socialism if you are giving money to the rich. Tax breaks for the poor are called socialism but tax breaks for the rich are called good buissnes
That is true. Her logic is impeccable. 
She’s extremely ugly
In comparison to our current means tested welfare system Scott Santens has done the legwork of some pretty compelling arguments. Read this or give it a listen if you have time.

[URL]
They're probably self-deprecating white men.  Power hungry women love themselves some emasculated sissy boys.
What a strange poll. Regardless, Coons is definitely not safe if he gets a real challenger that can get some money and traction. Delaware has a cheap media market too, so it is possible to win with less money.
Legitimate question: what about the democratic senators running for president who already made up their mind and said Trump should be impeached a while ago? Wouldn't they be not keeping an open mind and stay impartial for these trials?
Oh no, fellow pede, only White Nationalist do that..... (/s)
Rest assured that no one in the USCIS has  “bent over backwards to offer anyone citizenship” 
I am simply stating how the process is not as cut and dry as it’s commonly portrayed to be.
And after Hurd leaves - big ol goose egg for black representation in the house.
Were you asleep during reagan?  nixon?  dubya?  LBJ?

They have always been this way.
Sorry, I'm a little tipsy haha you should join us in /r/socialism if you haven't! 

Keep fighting the good fight comrade! 
yes both funny and unsettling at same time. masterpiece
Of course he loves it, its not very scarce these days
He made it crystal clear on national tv that he was the racist candidate, captured the racist vote, and never lost it.
first angry bird tweet is from a porn director.  That’s I you need to know. Depraved pedos, peddlers and monsters justified by their own weak culture and ‘proclivities’.

God bless Mr. Sowell.  The internet ghetto works so hard to destroy these modern day heroes while worshipping their satanist handlers.
Vaguely related apparently my grandfather dealt with a toothache by holding a cotton ball soaked in gin against the tooth rather than going to the dentist. Then later his teeth fell out.
They should vote Lib Dem instead then. As much as I unhappy with their policy not to allow another independence referendum for Scotland, it should be helping them in this case.
Why would people who apparently aren't poor be taking the bus?
Translation: "I knew it wasn't a DDoS attack but decided that as long as it was _seen_ as a DDoS attack _at the time_, I could disregard the massive number of unhappy people trying to stop the repeal of Net Neutrality and deal with the rest _later_!"
Its truly fascinating to know someone who believes this stuff. I can't understand how he doesn't see how ridiculous this shit all looks. I'm guessing there's some mental illness involved.
When the options are: "Keep your career" or "Be destitute and blackballed from the entire field," which would you choose?
 win the lottery and be part of that said 1%

The funny thing is that unless you win one of the really really big lotteries, you might still not be in the 1%
They're very nice people- the kind to invite you under some sort of cover because you're canvassing in a torrential downpour and are soaked to the bone. Just them seeing a young person caring enough to canvass does wonders. Source: my experience canvassing in Ohio.
Audience =/= followers (in the actual sense of the word)

People listen to AOC because she is loud, not because she has any actual referent power.
Looks aside, Conway is a hideous person.
Makes sense considering a tree stump is more intelligent.
Entirely inaudible on cnn
[Inaudible] [Inaudible] glow-in-the-dark jellyfish

*in the morning*
G-D works in mysterious ways.

[Pastor Tony Perkins' Home Among Those Damaged In Louisiana Flooding]([URL])
There are people who are also super annoyed and frustrated by this, and will vote for Trump as a "fuck you" to pelsoi
This means he’s petrified of Bernie 
Thank you comrade!! Often many people are wary of China, and it's understandable. The collapse of the USSR showed that revisionists can be detrimental. But for now I hold a cautious optimism that China will see socialism through, and help bolster the future. 
His will to listen and engage with people with opinions different to his own is a rare occasion among public people lately
sorry my image link got blocked. but really pretty wild! also if you get a chance look at recent photo of the chubby goalie [URL] like hes had a rough run with the drugs and what not
That would be cool but the current Australian PM Scott Morrison ruled it out I believe.
And, as far as I know, LRADs deploy an audible tone, whereas this one appears to have been 'covertly' inaudible. 
Iowa. Historically winning there puts you in good standing. History. Numbers. Trends. Etc.
How do you the guy is white and not Latino?
Yeah, his haircut is gorgeous, and it looks like he knew how to rock a suit. 
Honestly, I’m just happy that the GOP will acknowledge  now that they would have no issue with a Democratic president withholding Congressionally-approved military aid to an ally on the condition that said ally would investigate a potential GOP Nominee for a presidential election despite disproved conspiracy theories. That’s true bipartisanship.
Why can't be it people. People touching people without consent, regardless of gender. 

That said I was touched without consent by a lot of Chinese and Indian tourists trying to ram themselves on the tour bus at the Grand canyon.  

I wouldn't say I was assaulted or battered.  Just annoyed. 
You wouldn't know this memorial is there until you've seen it. It's unusual in that you walk down into it. Unforgettable.
How many Red Pill's is it going to take to create enough of an outrage to get Sessions off of his sleepy fucking ass? I'm betting no amount of pressure can counter whatever leverage the deep state has on him. 
I'm exhausted too. It does no good to let every article you read get to you. Calling out the hypocrisy and screaming/tweeting about it gets you nowhere, because the other side refuses to listen or just dismisses everything as fake news. No way anyone can keep this up for almost 4 years.
Oh shit you right, my bad
It’s going to be fun reading your comments when no deal turns out to be a damp squib.
Lol, it's probably some skinny armed bearded fuck thinking it's all fun and games until they're made to suck the barrel of rifle like a dick.
I would.

People are so miserable they are apparently attempting suicide.  5 years average income and a ticket out of there?  I'm gone.
I admit to being somewhat bemused by the under 40s being petrified about nuclear war.

This is how those of us that are over 50 grew up, and it wasn’t just a few places on the west coast and in Asia that were in range. 
But let's say one parent isn't and a children are going hungry.  

&#x200B;

Is your answer just that if the children go hungry and homeless then that's just what happens?
"Childish" seems like a rather unkind word to use in reference to someone with a severe brain injury.
RealClear Politics huh? Almost as objective as NewsMax, CNN, or Huff Post. Excellent sourcing! I'm not suggesting it's fake or entirely wrong but it's hard to take anything they publish seriously.
 You’re being scared and that’s what the news wants to sell you.

I don't watch the news. I pay attention to reality. Income inequality just hit an all time high. No one I know can afford rent or doctors or medicine.
Tired of the toxicity of so many Bernie supporters.
Imo Bernie is good and Yang is better. That's all. The insults they insist on throwing only shows that they cant beat yang on the policies.
 The final attempt to vote on a “skinny repeal” ultimately failed, after **Sen. John McCain** voted against McConnell’s last ditch effort to go after the unpopular bill. He was joined by **Sens. Susan Collins** of Maine and **Lisa Murkowski** of Alaska.
We don't need to lie to ourselves about the situation, good or bad. We just need the will to not just win, but to positively crush them in the process.
You're a little tipsy right now, aren't you?
Got it.  Go without adequate sleep for months/years at a time while working a full time job and caring for two kids so MAYBE you can get a better paying job and still never become rich.  

Wow that is fabulous advice.
I think of it every time I see the mole on BHO's hideous face. I had to bite my tongue a lot between 2008 and 2016
I am delighted that you did not resort to calling me an asshole or any other such insult in your reply.

I urge you to learn about C corporations, and learn just how similar Hobby Lobby is to GM.   Here is a good place to start:  [URL]   And another:  [URL]




lol well they do have a broken down RV that's in their driveway every other month because the town will tow it if it's there more than 30 consecutive days.
They don't have that kind of technology, please.  We are cabbage patch drones, it is why they are against those poor farmers and their small businesses, they need the land to grow the clones.
LOL this helicopter pilot is #high energy

"Ooh, the horse baton came out. You mess with the &lt;inaudible you get the baton"
I do want to know how anarchism suggests we enforce non-aggression or any other eusocial agreements (and deal with corruption or bribery or "self interest" or laziness and ignorance on the part of average people) but yeah it's pretty hilarious
More like forever, hopefully. I mean Labour being blamed for the global recession is one thing but when hard brexit utterly decimates our economy making 2008 look ok by comparison, at least it will hopefully finish the nasty party off for good.
Why does no one scream "why do you hate the global poor" at Warren and Sanders mid rally?

[uhhh]([URL])
Would you rather have a tenant or just pays the rent, or one who pays the rent while always complaining the heating isn’t working, there’s damp, a leak or whatever else?
He can have a a big old bag
The depths these loons would sink to...  he’s a 13 year old boy.  Even Chelsea Clinton came to his defence the first time they tried this.
I guess when you're hideous and a complete dipshit you have to constantly be concerned about what women find attractive. In my experience, women prefer men who aren't gullible alarmists that are duped by reactionary whiners.
So we should let people bleed out in a waiting room if they can't afford healthcare?  Individuals are responsible for themselves.

Or should we let kids in poor households go hungry at night?  Individuals are responsible for themselves.
that's a little unkind. OP is half accurate, which I suppose is the same as being wrong, but his heart is in the right place.

Keep Calm, and Carry On

he's just wandering off in the wrong direction. 

**Forty Five degrees to Starboard OP!**
Ah, the unforgettable [1934 Hugo Boss collection]([URL])
	mental cripple

Is literally a billionaire president.

 You people need to realize that despite his unique way with words, our President Trump is more intelligent than anyone you’ve ever met, and it’s probably not even close.
All Trump had on Hillary was "Lock her up!" and we all know how that ended.

Plus isn't pretending to be native american to take advantage of social programs pretty damning?
I said a low fat machiato, you toad!

*Throws scalding hot coffee on Barr's face*
Castor looks petrified
Light is a good [disinfectant.]([URL])

Have a nice day, you foul piece of shit.

:)
Who is "we"?  Because Trump faced enormous opposition from the Republican party, but got through anyway.
Why its probably tiny and something to laugh at. 

Stormy probably didn't even feel it
Haven’t seen the zoophile thing and some of things like obese people the democrats have as well.
I feel dirty for "saying" these things in my head while reading them lol
Man, Economy and State with Power and Market




It was hardly satisfactory lmao 
I think the idiot just proved that Li was certainly burned by a rioter. That fire spread to the entire soaked area almost immediately.
Bret Kavanaugh must be delighted that his good name will now be cleared! /s
at the very least make it an attractive women if you are going to ruin 007
The joke is his drunk driving allegations.
How much duly appropriated taxpayer money did Clinton withhold from the UK at the time of the conversation? If it was even one thin dime, then Clinton should have been impeached.
So you can't name anything he actually did and you're just going to tell silly lies.

How very Trump Voter you are.
Tim with the hot take
Don’t put your junk in crazy. A cuck doesn’t follow that rule. So it’s possible this wretched woman does have kids but based on her TDS, no good man would propagate with her
as someone driven out of game dev because the big fish drove advertising costs through the roof while [sabotaging competition]([URL]), megacorps are bad yo.

shout out to the the indies who made it like:

[URL]

[URL]

[URL]

and solidarity to those hustling to live the dream.
You should be allowed to write a racist, nasty, awful, letter and mail it if you want.

Fuck these laws. 

America. Fuck yea.
Absolutely horrific, but why is this in /r/politics...?
Towing? Extended? Until it is as plentiful as gas stations and as fast as filling a tank, it will not cover much of the market


Government credits, see GM

Pre warm the battery, draining it to keep it warm to keep it from draining
Saying the quiet part out loud.
DNC "welp, looks like a dead end, cold case, unsolvable and time to move on to healing and getting past this (snicker) 'tragedy' (snicker)[URL] deal for him."

Patriots "who murdered Seth Rich!" 
Really?   Did he seem tipsy?
from WHO and the UN which are unbiased sources, in the next 100 years, the planet is on track to warm 2.5C, our contribution is estimated to be only 0.5C.

Can you shoot us a citation for this?
This proves that Democrats are racist. How dare they not fully endorse a powerful black woman? Now everybody qualified for the next dem debate is white! This is white supremacy at its finest. Its a racist dog whistle to all Nazis. 

Something like that.
Branch Davidians unavailable for comment. 
I am extremely confident it will be leaked. Mueller runs a tight ship for sure but I'll be beyond surprised if it never becomes fully public, aka Buzzfeed's "we'll let readers make their own mind up" kinda dump. 
Oh The perfect American Democracy, as taught in government class.
You know, i heard that hillary wispered in Doanld's ear the "good people on both sides" line about charllotevilles! So Hillary's the racist not trump, deepstate confirmed!  (obligatory /s)
Then it will go to the senate and this will be another big nothing sandwich.

There will always be impeached. Just like Clinton. Whenever they talk about him. Someone will always say, he was impeached for corruption. Just like Clinton for lying about blowjob.
I think Ruffalo's promotion of civil rights is a great thing. I also don't think his endorsement is news to anyone. It's like saying "water is wet" and "Trump is a rapist."
I can’t think of a better reason for him to fight so hard against having his taxes examined, can you?
WOW, we're already winning with the MADMAN. Plumbers have more incentive now to make water "crystal clear, crystal clean".
I don't see any thin veils.
True.. but I think controlled substances are a bit different. Case in point, "dry" counties that are scattered around the US where you're not allowed to buy or sell alcohol.
You think she has a suit soaked in piss somewhere?
Boogeymen inspire curiosity. Better to learn the truth unfiltered than be swayed by the first eloquent and persuasive propagandist that twists the truth that was hidden in serve of nefarious ideology. Bring boogeymen to light to take away the mysterious allure.
education correlated with IQ

It isnt particularly well correlated, no.

enployers are looking at signaling value

They arent.

education as an IQ sorting mechanism

It isnt 

education as status

Effectively sure, which is why it should be low or no cost.
Skinny ass punk fake president.
My brow is furrowed “up to here”, but as a member of the Senate I am POWERLESS to do anything about this!

Obligatory fuck Romney.
The Republicans have been deploying the 'strip things of their ability to function then scream about how the other side made them non-functional' has been going on since 2009.
The expression on loud mouth belligerent and the diaper dons sex toy was sweet revenge for all his useless interuptions... but the hissyfit that ensued and watching Rep. Collins blow a gasket on live TV------ PRICELESS. That was some cheap ass entertainment
They can, but it's a lot harder to buy that these people are destitute when they are spending £40-80 a month on sky. 
I'm Hispanic my kids are safely asleep in their beds, in a home that I own, where they want for nothing. 

Donald Trump isn't a problem in my life.
I don't buy it. West Africans are built in Africa too. Naturally big people.  Same as northern Europeans.
It's just unfortunate that people would make their choice based on live debate skills rather than a near spotless lifetime progressive record.
Dude. It’s a meme. Calm down.
What if Sleepy Jeff is actually Stealthy Jeff?
This is dumb. The teachers who should be paid more already work at schools where education is free.
I think everyone still grinding an axe against Lewinsky should have the dumbest thing they did in their 20's plastered all over cable news and see how they feel about it.
Excellent for starting your yule fire. Get two for Christmas!
Here's a NYT article about the life of one of these people  -- terminally ill, so she decides to commit suicide. It is a **great** read. You may cry though:

[The Last Day of Her Life]([URL])
The hate fuck at home must be incredible

Definitely her pegging him though:

 You dirty little pig, making mommy's job hard, you like doing that? You limp bitch!

&nbsp;

/$
First one of this meme I have actually laughed out loud. Nice!
yes, but WHEN do we get a taste?  he knows good & well that there's thousands of us DYING for just a drop on our parched tongues.... (& somebody needs to tell him there are more high tech methods than talking to us through a tin can... ? )
"and then it just repeated faggots at a deafening pitch for hours and hours." lmao
The lady is most splendid but her colleague would be a rather adequate selection.
It gets scarce up here. My parents vote republican (almost) every time, and it's like our vote doesn't even count, because it gets wiped away by all the other Democrats. 
scalding take: ronald reagan good
This cannot be the world you liberals want, right? Don't you see how ugly this will get?
That doesn’t warm up drink or cool down food
Could not imagine the kind of people who take the time out of their day to protest. Hopefully they didnt get that ridiculous balloon they were kick starting for the funds..
I'm a mediocre lawyer and I could have written a better letter containing more reasonable arguments. It was immediately obvious that they cited the wrong statute which blows up most of their argument.  
damn libs and thinking that a greater civilian death toll is somehow a bad thing

at least hitler fed the citizens he liked
Good. Jack Dorsey is a dirty fucking cuck. Fuck twitter and fuck Jack Dorsey. 

Oh I’m sorry I might not have said it loud enough. 

I’ll do it like a liberal Karen. 

FUCK 👏🏻TWITTER 👏🏻AND 👏🏻FUCK 👏🏻JACK 👏🏻DORSEY !! 

😏
Lol look at this miserable piece of shit. Wanting all right wing sites to be taken down but could care less about the rest of reddit which is filled with pure hate. Hypocrisy of the left strikes again and again.
Or your reckless GF endangered everyone else driving that day...

You know what I do when I'm exhausted from work? Take vacation/time off.

You know what I don't do when I'm nodding out tired? Drive.

Choices.
Til that you aren't practically any better than the uneducated liberals who pursue their ignorant transgender agenda. The primary difference being that you are just ignorant in your own unique ways.
Yup. The Tree of Liberty needs a drink. I’m thinking it’s absolutely parched
A democratic socialist wants to establish socialism via certain means, and envisions a socialist society in a certain way.

They don't want a society that is a 'democratic socialist' society, that then becomes a socialist society. It would already  be one in that circumstance.
Makes me sick; TJ is my boy when it comes to the Founding Fathers. They have nothing in common; grace, compassion, self-awareness, intellect, work ethic, love for this country. Time to close Reddit I can't deal with this crap anymore today
Oh God... You could think of T_D as the Sea Org of his cult, too.

That's kinda unsettling.
As a Libertarian, I would say that happened 5 minutes ago so it's basically ancient history. 

We shouldn't try and re-appropriate land or reparations as it's a slippery slope. Let's live and let live but only after white people come out on top.
Happy birthday!!! Buying the conquest of bread soon!!
Are all progressives poor?   Franklin Delano Roosevelt wasn't.  The Kennedy's weren't.  What's with the DEM purity test?  Let's  just beat Trump instead of filling his coffer with even more verbal ammunition to tweet the day away.
Yes. I thought the silence was deafening
 The important thing to remember is that, no matter how badly you get annoyed at other democrats, you have to remember that Republicans are scum of the earth.
What we learn from this photo is that antifa were always skinny tweaky wienie looking dudes.

Some things never change.

A skinny communist, who would have thought?
I dont know, getting blown in office was pretty memorable for me.
oh honey, im special. 

You dull enough to think capitalists don’t fuck over their workers like this? That’s golden parachutes are a leftist scheme?

Also you may want to look into what liberalism is when talking economics...
Not the same guy, I think free college (and a more generous welfare system and minimum wage and other things) is necessary for the social ladder to be possible to climb. 

This tweet sounds completely insane.
 Abe Fortas

True. He wrote some memorable lines, and I have always enjoyed the dicta in Tinker. But the ethics issues brought him low. Fortas, Agnew, Nixon... it was not a bright time for top level Beltway types, ethically speaking.
If Schiff was a "prosecutor" then he'd have a conflict of interest and also be guilty of prosecutorial abuse.


Can't have it both ways.


Also, the GOP is going to look at the _evidence_ of which there is none.  No bias possible.
He hired Durham. You think Durham only started this when Barr appointed him? Come on. And Huber. Zero leaks from either, meaning its air tight.
Parched, a tree does not simply go forever without being watered.
And this is the kind of scum the left would have pouring into this country in droves if they were to have their way.
But really, you know Trump has done some nasty shit on White House furniture
So there is no way to fix healthcare?  I can't believe that.  I can believe we have morons in congress (both parties) but surely it is not an unsolvable problem.  Just because try number one (ACA) is not working does not mean we should give up.
Bwahahaha fucking brilliant
Personally I'd rather just give people money for school instead of building a gigantic killing machine. The US military is the world's most destructive make-work program.
It's a wealth transfer. 

The weird part about it is that it's capped a pretty low level and only hits people paying income taxes. 

Just find a job that will compensate you in capital gains then, hey no worries!
The fact that Geraldine Ferraro was the Democratic VP candidate in 1984 was more memorable to me.

It's hard to go up against a party led by sociopaths.
This one looks like a gigantic chicken nugget. Lol 
Because it just _can't_ be good!

Their unhappiness is in large part due to them expending so much of their daily energy being studiously angry when they'd otherwise be perfectly content. Life feels like that when you're exhausted all the time.
Geographically it's stunning, it's just full of a lot of ugly people.
Wow what a brutal, vicious attack! So vicious, they can’t post any actual footage!

Just look at these descriptions of horrific injuries:

“As a result, one of the participants did not feel good and had to step down”
Sorry to disagree, it's delicious. For you to draw a conclusion without going somewhere known for extraordinary soup  near the sea and having some is foolish.
I'm tired of all the winning.
Holy Jesus, she is gorgeous
Donny boy should really never have run for president. A lifetime of getting away with crimes. But that gigantic ego of his just couldn't let him walk away. Time to pay the price.
Depleted military... what?
I dont think its a matter of being a racist or not. Other people will interpret it as racist and I believe in your country, hate speech is or will soon be a crime.

You no longer have free speech in your country or Europe in general. So protect yourself and keep quiet.
	favorite pizza is cheeseburger 

Tbf, cheeseburger pizza is pretty tasty
If they adopt RCV in their primaries they couldn't easily not support it in the general once that comes up. And RCV makes gerrymandering impossible. They have no shot without gerrymandering.
Antibiotics can be purchased OTC in India, (and for very cheap), so many people skip the doctor entirely.
Strong political bias in something you are using as a source of information is generally a bad thing, especially if you personally share that bias.
Imagine if the government solved hunger / food banks by buying all the lambs and giving them out to the hungry and needy... Wonder how this sub would react?
True Christian^^tm in a big rush to kill people.
Was that originally from Faulty Towers? I always thought it was just a phrase everyone knew.

And yes, I was bothered by the "Patronising, moi?" misquote. 
Brilliant. Using TDS non ironically in a UK political sub. We really are fuckee.
I wonder if he special orders small ones..
7:20 dick cheney falling asleep next to clinton chewing gum
I'm really impressed by how steadfast he held to the rainy day fund even as he was urged to spend the money. He has his flaws (the trains!) but he strikes me as being a rare, fiscal centrist whose main priority is to keep the state running. I like that.
Maybe the moderators took the site off-line until they could clean up the mess?
It is worthless garbage. It is pointing fingers at an unsolvable problem when in reality the unsolvable problem isnt even the issue. The real issue causing higher rates of poverty and prison is the fact that most people without fathers are poor.
Dictators hate him. Good. We should be very scared of people who have loving friendships with murderous autocrats.
Amash was literally the only Republican to treat Cohen like a human being and ask real questions. 

That's really bad if it was so memorable that I can remember some random dude's name from Michigan. 
Not about the audience understanding it. He just has to sound like he knows more than others, which should not be very difficult. It’s about appearance not content.
It's the most transparent administration in history!
We can do this even faster and better in capitalism too

Do what faster? Killing political dissidents? I'm not saying it's impossible, but socialism/communism historically has us market capitalists beat hands-down on that front.
You have a fourth graders conceptualization of history.

You also think borders were enforced on an individual level like this post is mentioning.

You’re dumb. 

“Ah yes, an ancient Roman identity card. This would have granted them access at the border checkpoint.”

lol
She was the kind of crazy that goes away when you say, "OK grandma. Maybe you should go to bed." Like when your grandma just stops making sense because she's tired and hopped up on 17 different medications, only 4 of which actually work.
Worth noting that this is new and still has some kinks and bugs to work out, and seems to be a little tipsy with RES, otherwise it's fantastic and can help folks ID who they're conversing with better. 
Don’t know what you’re replying too, but I’ll just say something that applies no matter what. If your source is faulty, your argument is too. 
What about socialist policies in a capitalistic system? Universal healthcare makes entrepreneurship less risky as does a universal basic income, unions help ensure workers rights and that what's good for the biz is good for the workers, etc.
Basically this. My dad like Trump because they have the same attitude. They are the type of people that would never rally around a woman as they're leader. Especially one who's young and attractive.
Unless leave parties get +50% of the vote then it’s mathematically impossible for there to be a mandate
 The thing that this Bernie supporter did is bad

...
No, that's just your typical white supremacy in America.

Oh, well I guess it's just fine then.
You lost me there, CO2 is the most amazing molecule there is and the more of it we have the better... but yeah, edit to "[URL] CONSUMPTION OF GOODS..." and we're laughing together :)
Oh fuck you got me! If a single minority out of a country of more than 300 million voted for trump that totally invalidates my point!

Your logic is impeccable 
Thats why Palestine is huffing missles at civilians? It cant be because its a filthy terrorist nation...
  That said, once it is made crystal clear to the court 

Yeah, he should totally do that. I mean, it's only been twenty years!
Trump will like this article, because the pic of him isn't the usual hideous.  And he doesn't read.
 Sott Aaronson

A little unkind?
Hey Yang Gang, please support getting this message to Andrew Yang. This is the way we win. With compassion, calm understanding, and acceptance. Oh, also, relentless math and logic 😘.
[URL]
which goes back to the argument about poor and destitute who want a better life.

Our immigration stance punishes people who would come here if they could afford it.
In other news, Water declared "wet".
I think we should do both. Have a certain amount that all candidates get and ensure they get equal airtime, then also have the voucher system so there’s more incentive to gather grassroots support.
Spotless!
Depletion of the reserves in the giant trust funds would not end the benefit programs but would trigger sharp reductions in benefits. For Social Security, retirees would continue to receive about 75 percent of benefits once the Social Security trust fund was exhausted in 2033.

Your own link, LMAO
While you're waiting for the rally to start check out this excellent interview with awesome Asian American Michelle Malkin about the existential danger mass migration poses to America and our way of life 

[URL]
I'd love to see Occupier 45 in the hot seat. If they made Clinton testify in the 90's then they can make this clown do it too
I don’t see a corset on Big Mike. Dress looks like rectangle. Corsets give curves.
It's very late here so forgive me for being brief, but "rational" criticism based on faulty interpretations of scripture, disregarding historical context and ignoring geopolitical reality is basically the same as gut feeling based hate when it comes to religion. That's what the problem with Harris is, to me.
Take: The Regular Show Christmas special was easily one of the best Christmas specials of any show ever. Regular Show was only an OK show overall, but boy did they make a great Christmas special.
They never said all 400 were black. You're touting a lie his competition drummed up.
The problem is that the British are a lot more cynical and intelligent than your average Trump supporter
I love how our President calls him "Sleepy Joe."   The left is *dying* for him to call him "Creepy Joe" so they can attack him for [URL] he just calls him something that rhymes with it.   He’s keeping that name in their brains, rent free.
Wet Privelage.
The clamour within the party will be deafening. I will certainly be writing to the NEC and will be putting a motion forward at my local Labour meeting for the Constituency to demand their expulsion.

Ultimately it will probably end up with them leaving anyway.
Hard shell tacos are an american thing, never seen such thing here. Closest resemblance to them would probably be something with a tostada and shredded beef or something alike.
See kids, this is a good example of what's called a "loaded question".

It's rare to see one in the wild like this.
 droning on about a genocidal jingo american politician being the best option for president hopeful is freezing the peaches you want freezed? 
We have a massive organization running concentration camps at the border, and an army of hairsplitting loophole seekers willing to "well, technically" all those people to death by defending their atrocious living quarters. Extremely normal and not at all unsettling.
Charitable giving to the poor is tax deductible; paying one's mandatory, wealth-transfers to the poor is not. 

This makes a lot of sense, since we want to incentivise charitable giving, but there's per definition no need to incentivise mandatory wealth-transfers.
Her family has been in politics for years and are virulently homophobic. SIF itself keeps a low profile but has centers and adherents all over the world.
That's not how it works. Each MP was elected by their constituents to represent their interests. 

If you were correct, it would be obligatory for an MP to call a by election if they changed party or lost the whip.
No.. 
Primum non nocere.. first do no harm.. turning away a patient that may potentially have a major problem violates the Hippocratic Oath. A lot of major medical issues start off as "non-emergent" issues.. ignore them and you get a non-functional human pretty quick.
Police are actually [less likely to shoot black suspects]([URL]).
Absolutely. That is why the constitution is perfect and needs no changes.

Unless it's politically expediant of course.
Privatization without govt enforced monopolization in a true free market?  No. No I do not.
That’s a bit extreme. Billionaires should pay their fair share and limit loopholes above a certain net worth... where is my Drake meme format...
All the gas the BDs soaked the house in probably didn't help things either.
That’s 100% a lie. The Kurds are just useful to us. We wouldn’t be there if it wasn’t for the oil. He said the secret thing out loud.
The issue was low IQ troops categorized as mentally handicapped. 

You should use the word “mentally handicapped” not low IQ. Low IQ just implies normally able mental capacity at the one end of the spectrum.
She is attractive enough to not be suspicious. If she were a model, then these guys would know something was up.
Scared? Only in the sense that it’s scary that such a surprisingly large portion of society is worse than worthless.
 Other forms of ID like passports and driver’s licenses cost quite a bit of money

And Are not obligatory to have. You can’t oblige people to have something non-obligatory in order to exercise their rights.
 My wife wanted to make me a steak

Why not? Have a medium rare steak? Aren't those delish? 

 There are still a good amount of leftovers; her and her children are eating them.

Enough to make it through the winter? Or till Christmas leftovers?
“Who should we get to be press secretary”

“How about this drunk driver”

“That sounds pretty on-brand”
NBC and CBS for sure. Though we need to ban all content delivery services from owning media outlets.
Just some light raking...
There's already a strong candidate running for Senate and Veronica Escobar is excellent in his old seat. He needs to move or do something else. He should also take a vacation because if he loses his next race it will be difficult for him to overcome and he has a bright future.
Mmmkay.

Prison bad, it's always been bad, and in every nation in history it's a problem and we should do something about improving our sentencing and incarceration.

Let's not act like this means society hasn't made enormous improvements with the emancipation of people.
Not perfect, but very satisfactory.
So the Jews are supposed to be superhero aliens who are allergic to rare metals?

I feel like a few of those things are the other way around 😂
I hate to burst everybody's bubble but already I can tell this fisa reports going to be a big nothing Burger
My palate is impeccable thank you very much
We need sweeping healthcare reform. I'm not opposed to fixing things, who is? I AM opposed to mediocre solutions being shoved down the throats of the American people. Does that make sense?
It’s funny because it’s TRUE!
A milkshake laced with quick dry cement, but what does that matter, right? /s
Also they censored 'that's how these *young* people got attacked' when he talked about the ambushed soldiers. Implying it was [inaudible] or that he said anything less than positive about our soldiers there is disingenuous.
You can’t expect a fair trial in the Senate when being accused of an unfair trial in the House.  It will never happen unless the House and Senate has a perfect split of both parties or there was no fear of political repercussions if voting against their own party or in favor of the other.
Poor Trump. Always getting attacked. For what he says. Out loud. On tape.
He *may have* been able to break it without issue, but then he would open himself up to a whole different line of criticism. I'm glad no contracts had to be breached and we'll still get the transparency, even if it was all a bit silly to begin with.
Eh that supposedly was the “essure” for women. They were so wrong. I’d be wary of any sort of permanent sterilization implant, at least if it’s anything like what happened with the essure.
depleted as in its bigger than the next 12?
He was brought in to do exactly what he’s doing. Talk loud and provide Fox news sound bites
Thanks, very cool.
That's the key, Trump is not some horrible disease. He's a single, angry symptom of the actual disease of hatred and racism that openly thrives in the US, and has been harnessed by the GOP to gain more power
You asked how his administration is directly affecting people. I gave it to you. Doesn't matter if it's unique to Trump's administration or not (though the inciting violence against minorities and the transgender bathroom issue are).
There's a dark irony that this is a "mask off" moment for James.
 entirely possible

have you ever tried dmt?
 In a recent poll 100% of people wearing my pants said I will seriously consider changing them tomorrow morning. Might not happen though.

If you have shat in your pants, then that would be an adequate analogy for Labour party.
This is the problem right here, if you want your side to be heard, don't name call, it hurts your argument, both sides do this. Anyway, so your saying it's unsolvable  now? So fuck the planet?
Lol the costs to get it approved by the FDA still are enormous 
Socialism, bad politics and Climate Change strike again, it's being reported that 34 California Counties will go dark for possibly a week or more. Better get out the guns, gonna get interesting.

PG&E confirms power will shut off to 800,000 customers statewide
Website is faulty.  Its always broken and loads incorrectly. Both on Chrome and Edge. Is it just me who has this problem?
good. They're scared. Fuck em
I’m actually serious about Castro making a DNC Chair run, I like the idea of changing the order of primary states and he’d be pretty palatable to the different wings of the party.
Too bad they don't make smaller T Shirts because then it could really have looked like whatever it thinks is special ? ? ? ? ?
[Pro-Beijingers want Hong Kong district council elections recount and claim vote was ‘unfair and not transparent’]([URL])

my fucking sides, lmaoooooo
I am exhausted from all the winning 
Hard to be more prime ministerial than the person referred to multiple times as the prime minister.
Hello Tight End Waiver Wire.

He was so bad at broadcasting, he went back to beating up his body through football instead for another civilian job lol. 
"Senator Kloboucher, tell us your thoughts on this issue."

"Let me give you my hot take on what Trump's thoughts are on this issue."
Dude.  No black people give a shit about buttigieg.  That's WHY he stole that fucking picture.  Because hes a pathetic suit with only corporate donors behind him.
That's a pretty poignant video for 1946, but holy shit if the US isn't sliding down the scales like it's a water slide.
Wet? Moist? Damp? A freedom moistener?
Well this thread was an excellent read!
Because a large portion of the country has an allergy to the Federal government trying to have oversight over how elections are run.
Lmao! Do we want these fucking illegal pos in our country? Fuck no! But its hilarious how personal Coulter took it. Its funny she is so frickin angry when 1 gets to stay.
I'd say one major consideration is how healthy you are. A 40 year old who's in excellent health with good genetics probably has more (potential) career time left than an obese 25 year-old smoker with a family history of heart disease.
Obligatory meme:


[URL]
I think Corbyn should call them all out as often as possible lol
Difficult times ahead with Salmond's trial coming up soon.
Not delighted UK government is playing around. 
She's sick or has a cold, with a runny nose. Hopefully she gets the chance to take some cold meds during the recess.
Haha, damn right.

Seriouly, he must be one of the few people in my entire days on the Internet that I'd pay to see IRL.

He should do an AMA, show how succesful Mr. Big Business-Man is lol.
Maybe it’s just a gigantic clitoris? 😳😳😳😳
Is there another way to read this tweet other than this:

“The country is poor. The education system is bad. But the plus side is, also nobody wants to live there.”
We took ours in about an hour ago. The polleys there were quite happy to see him. Probably broke up the monotony of the day.

He was wearing a yellow raincoat which probably helped.
Shouldn't you be getting done your shift soon. Head back to the babushka. I'm sure the kiddos miss you. If you don't get home soon your borscht will get warm. 
They sell Abrams tanks to Saudis just without the depleted uranium armour. I feel like they'd do the same with f-35s just in a different way
 It's a faulty to assume

I obviousy disagree with your opinion.

 but I know nothing anyone says will convince you

Correct.
That sellout seems Kavanaugh for that kind of cheap.
interestingly Kochavi mentioned this was partly done to remove an obstacle in negotiations with Hamas. i think we just did some of their dirty work for them. not complaining, such are politics, but that's what i read between the lines.
Calm down everyone, if it doesn't work out we can vote back in, in 40 years or so, (if the European Union is still around)
Yes. The silence about the Awan family scandal is deafening. This crowd is into foreign intelligence, top secret clearance of US congressional systems, property fraud, bank fraud, theft and worse! 
I wonder what would happen if we could ensure they all got adequate healthcare
fabian socialism they called it, but I only thought that term applied to a subset of progressives, not all progressives. There are those progressives who genuinely think capitalism is great as long as its on a tight lease. Progressives like the economist Noah Smith fit into that category of progressive.
I thought we’ve been saying for years now that Dems need to play by the same dirty tricks as the republicans. 

News flash, the “good guys” only beat the “bad guys” in the movies. In real life, bad guys win all the fucking time.
You need to brush up on the 'burden of proof.' You don't just get to make a claim without evidence. 

Its also possible that Graham is just a spineless shameless power hungry hypocrite who read the political winds and realised you can get more done flattering Trumps ego than fighting him.
Well, it's like if I see someone eating dirt and they says its tasty. Hard for me to understand.
He's waiting until the issue is at critical mass then he will hand over spotless returns and make everyone look like a jackass. 
He and his wife have been suspiciously quiet.

I thought they were addicted to attention and being on TV.
I would suggest not confusing the uk pol hot page as being representative of the real world or what is important to the general public

Sure, but if anything ukpol is more obsessed with brexit than the general public. That was the context in which I  made that point.
Hungry for Socialism?

The slogan was tested in a state of the art simulation
Legal and financial documents, for example, are both shrouded in obfuscation and intended to be crystal clear (to the in group). Language that laypeople find impenetrable is often more precise than general language, to those who understand it.
We might have one if the governor didn't insist on destroying workers' rights and freezing property taxes.
[X] Deny that it's part of the agenda.

[ _ ] Tell people it is part of the agenda, but the denial was just 4D chess

[ _ ] Admit that you really don't support the agenda, but liberal tears are tasty, so we still win. 
know this piece is satire but Rex Murphy is the embodiment of being miserable as a political ideology
I agree, [here's some pretty damning evidence of just how many major corporations kroll has links with.]([URL])

Hard to see how independent they are with their name plastered on so many brands.
Hmm, a desperately needed ally on the Supreme Court is becoming more palatable to those who would block him right before challenges to Trump's EOs hit. 
Check out Jane Mayer's Dark Money, Quinn Slobodian's Globalists, or the article by Vanessa Ogle, called, Archipelago Capitalism. Helps to shed some light on some of the shitty infrastructure behind these things.
Did he think all those doctors were lying when they told him repeatedly to his face and in writing that it wasn't possible before the bill passed?
This is freaking hilarious.  Lefties are going to be so pissed at POTUS for "influencing" Dancing with the Stars.  lmfao
Bent the knee boys.
She needs to go and eat or something. I know she’s hungry.
Yes! They finally embraced the guy uttering inaudible inside jokes enough to put him in frame, the show is so much better now!
Just flipped it over to CNN real quick for the first time in a long time. 

They’re covering NEITHER the Horowitz report nor the black “hebrew israelites” shooting in jersey city 😂


Instead? They’re talking about PEACH MINT DRUMPF
Plan B:  We go to the Winchester, have a nice cold pint and wait for all of this to blow over
 Camp David 

Excellent choice  the last time they met in the US , excellent choice again.
You don't need to change to a 3 party system. Only need to move the Overton window and change what is politically palatable.
Why would you want an AG with such a terrible record as DA? The AG needs to have both common sense and the integrity to go after big criminals. Not focus all their efforts on targeting poor people while letting multi million dollar fraudsters go free.
Honestly tired of this farmer bullshit. All political parties pander to them and pass bullshit loan waivers every single year which just isn't sustainable. They always vote based on caste & religion and elect terrible politicians
Yea, they are not very attractive people at all. Ivanka is as pretty as money is gonna buy.
The entirety of Pacific Asia is pretty wary of Japan...
til and funny are full of fucking morons. I wouldn't expect any intelligent discussion of economic systems to go on there.
Left wing: as much freedom, equality, fellowship as possible.

Right wing: as little freedom, equality, fellowship as possible.
A metric that I find to be a bit more palatable:

Every child you have costs between 12-20% of your total lifetime earnings. Assuming you got a 4 year college degree. If you quit after high school...20-40%
 No way he could be cool with hatred on his behalf.

 What has he done to combat it?
"renewables" that involve mass mining of rare earth elements. And that doesn't fix the fact that Sanders wants to ban clean burning Nuclear and that half his fucking plan is about slavery/redistributing labor rather than the environment.
Nope, modern halal practices utilize a reversible stunning method.

This is of course without accounting for the fact that kosher and halal methods result in little to no pain for the animal.
Yeah American knowledge of American history ca mid 1800s is impeccable.
No, silly. Bluhmpf did it. /s
I haven't found any satisfactory answers. Most are general "let the community decide" answers.
She worked as campaign staff for a republican (Barry Goldwater) who voted against the civil rights act! Lol


Calling me dishonest and ill-informed is fucking hilarious when you don't even know the track record of the person you supported.
Yang Gang is inclusive of EVERYBODY with a rational mind. No partisan, no fixed identity, no fixed ideology. Come on in, we have good food and good people and open minds, its a party.
This isn’t progress and this guide, and it’s premise, is horseshit.

Kids with gender dysmorphia are EXTREMELY rare. 

Genital mutilation is not the answer.
Used to sell them by the dozen to beach rental owners tired of plumbing their libertarian renters' constipated groundbeef vacation secretions.
I haven't phone banked yet this year, but I did it in 2016. My anxiety typically gets the best of me, and it's difficult to move past it.
That's not even true. But okay bud. Whatever you say. Sorry I don't like the guy that almost poisoned kids and am tired of him being propped up. I'm horrible.
You don’t care about dying when asleep, does that mean that I am not denying you future choices if I kill you in your sleep?
That sound disturbingly delicious.
Did I say "solve" corruption? No. But I do say that privatization, and the consequent decentralization, at least makes corruption solvable, even if problems arise. When the system is monopolized, corruption is unsolvable. It's integral to the system.
stunning? no. He openly admitted to grabbing women by the pussy, what's stunning is that he's gotten away with it for so long. Hopefully tomorrow Cohen will present concrete proof of HOW he's gotten away with it for so long.
Don't bother going to this sub unless you're already miserable or want to be
If I was older and terminally ill I'd definitely start performing very late state abortions on these people. Starting with McConnell. This bag of shit has to go.
Are you suggesting he is terminally ill or that he pivoted? I'm not sure which of the two is most anticipated ...
Does anyone else suspect that she wouldn't have been forced into the naked body scanners if she hadn't been an attractive young lady?

I'm Type 1 and flying this summer from TN to Vegas and back. Given that I'm a chubby nerdguy, I'm not worried about being profiled that way.
The biggest reason for this is that files can be played when just a small section of
The media is damaged. An analog tape will simply have a small audio glitch.
I was, now I'm the fucking Ghost of an Ancient Athenian Philosopher. Gahwd!
I still think he has solid policies though, and they're very detailed. Decent likability and chance to win, as being attractive to conservatives is a good thing to help him win.
I don’t know if they’d be willing to read this but 12 Rules for Life by Jordan Peterson is an excellent book.
They'll never admit it, but you're right.  They're angry children who want to believe that being angry and childish will get shit done instead of putting in actual effort.
I usually mute Nunes but this is fucking delicious. They have absolutely nothing. Nothing.
He wants a black dick up his ass
Can we stop drowning good cuts in barbecue sauce. It completely ruins the meat and I’m tired of it, it’s not good bbq if you need to drown it in sauce.
No?  Read the transcript yourself and form your own opinion.  My point is that it's not as crystal clear as Crowley made it sound, and was largely irrelevant to the broader point.  Interjecting was unfair to Romney and illustrates a clear bias toward Obama.
I can’t wait to see what kind of cheap knock off version they try to launch.

Meanwhile over in the DPRK, Kim is still fucking around with planes built back in the 1970s!
Annnnnd the site is down. 503 Service Unavailable

No server is available to handle this request.
Just so no one gets it twisted... I HATE TRUMP
His podcast Some more News is also very good. Those he collaborates with also put out excellent content.
Spandex. Spandex always makes me angry - grrrrr.
The US's source of freedom must be [URL] all the export of the last 9 years... 

Y'all should've kept some for yourselves.
alright, so the trucks were accidentally set on fire durring a protest because the venezuelan police wouldn't let the food in their country of starving people. 

that makes the venezuelan police totally innocent and not thugs of a dictatorship at all in this. 
Thanks, very interesting.

Good on those courts. NM, not so much.

Would the average Joe be able to just walk in to the USA v Stone trial? I’d assume there are special rules for DC District/Appellate Courts.
Trying to burn what is left of the Mexican rainforest is what you mean.  
  
[4 months ago]([URL])  the entire country was burning helped by his agro-policies and by cutting budget for firefighting efforts. The only thing that stopped that was the start of the rainy season.
Wow. I'd never actually seen the dude speak like this before. No wonder Brexit won. Its champion was an unflappable rationalist who refused to acknowledge empty accusations of racism, sexism, etc.
'UNHRC are biased because they keep telling the country I support, the aggressor in the case of this conflict, to stop committing horrific war crimes.'
Does he look like chubby curly Elon Musk?
It has been photoshopped to put the image together, but both images are real kids. She is a spoiled western kid. There are kids dying in Africa of a lack of clean water, food or disease etc.

Her childhood is far from as bad as depicted
Get your raincoat because the storm is brewing. Definitely some nasty looking clouds on the horizon
Not enough credit being given to Clinton for maintaining composure with Trump lurking over her attempting to intimidate and rattle her. She's unflappable.
It was such a hot mess. I saw the clips online of Clay melting down and I thought *"oh snap Clay tried to debate someone and lost?"* and then once I saw that he was the moderator, I was just annoyed and disappointed with the guy.
Liz Warren aka Thin Lizzie aka the Junkyard Dog of the Left would have this fool for breakfast. After four years of President Joffrey, hearing an adult talk about actual ideas will be such a stark comparison the media will eat it up.
Jean-Claude Juncker and Nigel Farage.

Two cunts snug in a pod I think.
a perfect example of neoliberalism.
The Greens can abstain and it still carries.

Not that they need to, its a fatuous argument of those petrified that their British Nationalism is now dead in the water.
Yes, it would be ridiculous to withhold aid until an investigation finished, but a public commitment is immediate and would prevent backtracking.
With that idiotic logic; Himmler laughed once. How can history categorize him as a demon?
Please calm down. I’m on Mobile, so there *is* no sidebar.
I giggled at all of the idiotic comments below proving your point.
More silly desperation from the Right.
Poor little guy.

Looks pretty warm and snug and peaceful in that blankie, though.

Will the eye problems be permanent, or is it something that can be treated?
We have to go back to 516BC

I really really really hate this. The matter is modern day geopolitics, anything else citing ancient history is just a smokescreen.
I mean...I dont really have to care about the 2nd amendment to buy a [URL] need dollars and a cleanish criminal record.


I don’t want to be a wet blanket here, but that’s probably not gonna happen.
I wholeheatedly agree with you. But sometimes, to build a better world, you have to watch the old one burn. And Trump is a gasoline soaked rag. Great men are born in fire, it would be reckless of us to introduce American idiots to extinguishers.
So you want Pete to be disingenuous about the time frame he hopes to accomplish everything because it will light a fire under some asses? Ever consider that it will turn off others who see the plan as disingenuous. Honesty is always the best policy.
Pete murdered her in cold blood live on stage.
You will never get a satisfactory response from someone proposing a national sale tax regarding its outsized effects on the poor.
When dick Cheney is your gold standard...

When Ronald Reagan left office after two terms he was 77 and very Old, broken and frail. Bernie wants to start his first term At 78 in similar condition. 

Also, VP is a much different job.
Why would Melania take advice from a loser? She's doing a great job as the first lady, she's gorgeous and classy, deep inside, Michelle wishes she was that good.
That's a scalding hot take but he's right. Campaign probably is dead in the water tho
Yes, a clearly sardonic comment playing off of your own idiotic display of faux-badassery is *clearly* worthy of linking that sub. Truly you are God's gift to discourse.
Very good post, I've long been a supporter of both Brexit and Scottish Independence. The UK is irreparably broken, radical change has to happen to get things back on track
I've seen people claiming Labour's position is crystal clear.

I don't have a clue what it is.
[URL] is he cheering for Russia? Like did he just say the quiet part loud?
Impeachment is only the first stage of removing a president though. Even if he is impeached, he will also need another unanimous vote from the Senate to be removed, which is pretty much impossible as the senate is mostly Republican, and they would only vote against him if he did something really bad.
Don't forget that nice agent orange thing that they deployed in vietnam that not only fucked up the local population but US soldiers as well. Then there are the depleted uranium stuff used in the Gulf War.
I'd pay good money for that deepfake!
I am not allowed to say what I think.
dont pick any. call your senators. skinny repeal just results in the currently imaginary death spiral which leaves nothing anyway
Yikes. When the fact checkers come to town its bad news labour lads
We are the light, and they are the salt. ;p
Well yes and no. The IRA only came to the negotiating table because they'd become convinced that victory by force of arms was impossible and British military action led to that.
Why is a walrus like a ziplock bag?

They both like a tight seal.
if they are terminally ill they will die anyways so whats the big deal.

It's *mostly* mean words. There are a couple examples of people getting shoved, too. If that list is the only reason you're scared to death of liberals, then you're a gigantic, gaping pussy.

Here, parse some FBI hate crime statistics, fag.

[URL]
You mean the government should be more transparent to the public? Yes, definitely. Little should be behind closed doors for the countries people
Oh, good, the virgin surveillance shit is still going on. 

Remember: personality is the most important part of being an attractive partner. Which is why Jerry Sandusky was married for 40+ years. Decades of child molestation is a very attractive personality trait, you see.
Doesn’t surprise me. The modern Republican would probably... no make that certainly, be against freeing black slaves.
I demand a pastafarian branch of anarchism.

And is that not the oppression of pasta? Is it not being objectified? It's just left there in a strainer after being forced into scalding water.
if you want to find a group of people that actually hates illegal immigrants, try talking to any legal, particularly hispanic immigrants.  they will say things that are.... unkind, to say the least.
It's going to be Hillary and she's probably going to win unless minorities and women think Donald now cares for issues that affect them. 

If it wasn't Hillary, then i'd taken Biden or Bernie. If it wasn't Biden or Bernie, i would take a damp mop over Donald Trump.
Because people made grand assumptions about the "REAL" meaning of what Trump said and then shaded them in the worst possible light they could be?

Yeah, I agree.
it's unkind to point out who raped you. 
Ya, if you couldn’t breath you’d be say I can’t breath with a very scratchy quiet voice almost forcing what little air you have to tell them
The Southwest seems to be on fire this year. Have they undergone a drought? Where I live it's been especially rainy, we have endured flooding. I've also noticed our seasons have been quite extreme for the last few years. 
Get as many people as possible to contribute to a strike fund.
There's plenty of substances in there that shouldn't be.  Personally, I think most of the hallucinogens should be delisted unless there's evidence they can be harmful, but stuff like LSD, Shrooms, and Marijuana is just silly.
Imagine my surprise to learn that these likely anti-semitic terrorists decided against using a hammer, hands & feet, or even a pistol in their killing spree and instead used an assault weapon.
Saved. I am familiar with several of these. If you're interested I can dig up a DOJ source that shows that when you factor for things like urban vs. rural and wealthy vs. poor communities, black communities are actually on par or slightly safer than white communities.
They don't call it dark money for nothing.
Cambodia is a gorgeous country.
His silence up until this point has been deafening. He couldn't hide forever. The occupy movement IS what will define his Presidency, and thus far he has been an enormous disappointment. Maybe a certain Dr. Paul will prove more responsive?
I'm not delighted with the way this is being presented. It's fair to say that TYT received a lot of money from some establishment, non-progressive people who are Clinton supporters. It's probably not fair to say they are receiving money from the Clinton machine.
I am rather tipsy.
I don’t think a strong defense exists for the idea that critical functions should be defunded because the quality would be poor anyway.

I don’t think it’s possible to believe this unless you think that education is not especially important, or that you want to control the content
Obligatory South Park clip:

[URL]
Totally open? No.

Borders should basically look like bar security, not a bureaucrat's wet dream. Verify identity, let through anyone who doesn't look crazy, wasted, or dangerous. Let them stay until they cause trouble.
... What? No. This entire post is ridiculous blather.
Silly rabbit.
It's cool, you're alright.
The ecosystems of the planet are being destroyed.  A hundred different subsequent catastrophes from global warming are occurring.

The quality of human life is and has been systematically deteriorating for hundreds of years.k

And the institutional Democrats are warning / vote suppressing about Jeremy Corbyn. 

sigh. Their priorities are out in the open.
Cotton is unflappable and has been on fire lately. MAGA  
The only problem is that it's going to be freezing. Perhaps that would make the message even stronger.
The really nasty thing about it is that you can’t tell them this. It’s unsolvable. 
You didn't. 

You claimed three times that I was trying to suppress people. I called you ridiculous because that is how you conducted yourself. 

And you wonder why people do not care for you or take you seriously.
If this arguement held any weight, no small business would exist in any European country, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, or any other industrialized nation with unions and federal labor protections.
The Syrian refugee crisis forced ajar a door that had previously been firmly shut. The sub-saharan and afghan hordes have managed to wrench it wide open from there.
Why not? We have a good modern age analogy:

The rich are hoarding food in Venezuela and are selling it to other countries for profit while the people are starving.

They are also actively trying to overthrow the government with silly coups.

What should be done according to you?
 He’s a Trump stooge who got his job because he donated a lot of money to Trump... so why is he going against Trump?

Because he presumably hired a lawyer who isnt drunk by noon.
Castro is nowhere in the scene. His polling nos. are pathetic (Less than 1.5% nationally) so it's his strategy to force more TV coverage. But it's so transparent and disingenuous it's only going to make things worse for him.
Oh yes, I'm a boot licker because I think this guy is silly for being surprised in some capacity that Alex Jones and this editor made money doing what they were doing... being peices of shits. Lmfao
I will remember her as a scalding hot piece of tushy.
Probably not.

You need a certain level of material comfort and investment in the status quo to be an idpolista.
Literally impossible.
Patience is wearing thin for Patriots.
Can confirm. Tasty. The word balance comes to mind which is nice in an IPA
You're putting words in my mouth and making ridiculous statements I'm not making while ignoring any other benefits of learning a widely used English writing system.
I'm guessing this will be banned for off-topic even though the original "crime" was plastered everywhere. 
You can believe humans possess a right to life without a belief in the Bible. While I am happy you find that as the source of your belief I find it very silly for you to think that the Bible is the only way to come to the conclusion that human life is valuable.
His about face happened after the facts had come to light and he was wanted for criminal prosecution.  He is a wanted criminal living in asylum status in exile.  He is a persona non-grata in Bolivia and this is the truth.
Food bank is a couple miles away and is only open when my ride is generally unavailable, and my situation isn't going to get better without a liver transplant.
This is probably the worst/ best way to gain karma. This is low effort.
Because then it'd be much harder for small candidates who are good to build momentum
you're special kind of woke ain't ya
Also 27, also in bed. 

I'm exhausted from ATTENDING **a** rally today, much less hosting **5**
Its literally the complete opposite of r/Conservative its kinda trippy seeing two large groups of people convinced the other group is brain washed lol
Her show "Rising" does seem to be unique on the site.
Thanks for reading my post. I think the very narrow window we're allowed to look at these things through ends up forcing the hands of people who do want to do good, we've just been divorced from real historical materialist analysis for decades.
A van they've recovered is plastered with Trump pics and right wing paraphernalia. 

Really vouches for my dispositions.
Some nice words from Dustin Lance Black to Chasten about his platform arts education. 
[URL]
No idea. From what i gathered from the briefing, they maintained the guard saw his door ajar. No idea why he was on that floor to begin with though. 
Literally nothing he did could make your guys happy.  He has two options: 1) take a salary or 2) forego a salary.  Y’all lighting him up for talking option 2.  I really don’t get y’all.
Seriously? It's plastered all over her web site. I can ask obvious questions, too.

"Find me the context that Trump is a groper"
Trump would deserve the lack of compassion he gives for those who suffer at the moment, but we're better than that.  


I would tell him he deserves the healthcare he has chosen for his constituents, and if he were unable to find adequate treatment, then that'd be on him.
Ah fair one... Goddamn Tory scum are playing dirty I see.... I hope they get booted outta office come December the 12th...
The retardation that is r/politics is truly stunning.
He had no accusations before he began the procces. He passed more checks and written questions than all other SCOTUS picks combined. *After* all of that, he gets hit with unverified claims. He had a spotless record. The dems would hit any Republican nominee too.
holy fuck dude read the article and about the other people he pardoned, this particular example isn't a special [URL]'s clearly straight doing this as favors
Excellent video and excellent choice of interviewees. Loved what that last guy said especially because it should resonate with every parent who's ever said it - "There's nothing I wouldn't do for my children." They've talked the talk, it's time for them to walk the walk!
he didn’t have a political motive. i’d assume dylan did as he purposefully killed blacks. but a few on this list were just cold blooded killers
Jeez, I have said trump has a small pp in the past but I thing it has gotten to the point where it has retracted into his body.
Bent cunts? Sounds painful.
Only some of them are. One of them had to be unhappy with whoever did this as it was revered 24 hours later, late on a Saturday night.
They thought having the only Asian character be a chubby sperg was insulting.
it's not comfort in the sense of a lazy boy recliner and a big-screen TV. Comfort, in this context, is about not freezing or starving to death. "comfort" (with the air quotes around it)
As a kid someone told me that as long as reality TV, cold beer, and warm pussy was in constant supply, most men would rather be blissfully ignorant than independent.

Very true.
Your inability to accurately state your case and provide adequate evidence to back it up is what's hilarious.
Sorry, but in his culture he wasn't raised to understand that was wrong.  It was a free expression emergency, so what could he do.   Think of the backlash against judges.  Do we really want to stoke the fires of jurisphobia?  

obligatory /s
"Unsettling" is nothing compared to Japanese imperialism, European colonization or Germany starting and losing wars for hundreds of years.  
Obligatory fuck Verizon anyway
This better not be some damp squib.  I want to see dozens of huge names taken down by this.  Big name Dems, big name Hollywood, big name MSM, the lot of them.
 Refusal to allow your child to attend this trip will result in a Racial Discrimination note being attached to your child's education record, which will remain on this file throughout their school career.


Me and Mrs Small will be having an unkind exchange words of biblical proportions.


Didn't some "right to try" bill just pass or signed into law or something? Allowing terminally ill people to try experimental treatments?
Just reality.

There is a reason climate optimums were of periods with warm temperatures and higher CO2 levels.
Bad assumption
Holy shit.  Why isn't this plastered everywhere I look?
Tried explaining this to a troll on pol the other day. He was posting things trying to prove the Left can meme. 

I was like, [we think this stuff is hilarious.]([URL])
Whats the point in firing Rosenstein now that he isn't even in charge of the Special Counsel probe? Trump had his opportunity to declassify the relevant information, but he caved to outside pressure. Now he is going to get bent over a barrel. Its his own damn fault.  
Two shows vs the huge number of shows on the other side? 

Surely the deafening silence from the media whenever the cops assert their right to tell normal citizens that they can't record cops means something. 
... on a fishing boat - yes, very unkind and dangerous work. 
And so he can claim he didnt say that idiotic shit when he is called out later.
This dude is wrong, Chick Fil A is delicious, evil, but delicious
On behalf of heterosexual men of all ethnicities, we decline your offer on the count that you are hideous. We recommend you pitch your offer to the lesbians. 
whys the flair as editorialised.

not my fault abc edited the tagline after i posted it

Fixed

and yes i reported it

Excellent, we’re all good then.
I'm reading that thread while eating some delicious food. It sure feels good to not be living in a communist country
[URL] is the only site for live court video, high-profile criminal trials, crazy crime, celebrity justice, and smart legal analysis. Created by TV’s top legal commentator and attorney, Dan Abrams

What?  Judge Judy was unavailable?
Theoretically it's possible, but I've heard that same theory over and over again and it's never been true before.
there's a lot of republicans who have also seen the light. a number of people i work with who were life-longs have switched sides. a friend of mine's father who was a life-long dem, who liked trump and fiercely defended him, has even finally conceded that he was wrong.
That’s a brilliant sketch. Chappelle is a national treasure
No shit. And the deafening silence from the entire right wing makes them just as guilty. Always choosing ignorance and party over country 
“To make it look like I’m not stuck with braces permanently and have a fat fucking mouth”
I love how they say "You pay for these FREE STUFF"
One of history's most unforgettable pickup lines.
MSM hell bent on dividing America!
Tipsy consent is valid, but consent where the person is clearly not in their right mind is not.  

Remember: when in doubt, err on the side of *not* raping someone.
"Hey Fat,[URL] here Jack...I got hairy legs... So [URL]'s do push-ups , Corn-pop!"

Edit: come on guys you gotta learn to laugh and joke. This political environment is [URL] you don't lighten up it will eat you alive.
You don't think Bernie is over promising at all? He can get M4A single payer, Green New Deal, Free college, FJG, under 8 years at age 80? Some of us are attracted to Yang's campaign because he is more pragmatic, less ideological, while fighting for the same goals.
No concern trolling here- be wary of what happened this election- dems thought the exact same thing with trump and gave him massive airtime pre-primaries.
I'd say that they are politically motivated to commit to certain faulty and illogical assumptions, and then follow them to their logical conclusions.
This problem was already solved back when YouTube would pay content creators for the amount of engagement they generated.
No, but we have a gigantic mosque in [Mosque-Cow]([URL]), the place that used to be a Russian city!
He's been calling for a revolution since Day 1. And his deafening silence is almost worse than a direct endorsement
I'm not some drunk lowlife attending pubs.

what do you do socially then mate genuinely interested lol
Shit -- I'm tipsy right now!
This is not an intelligent post.
They are some tasty burgers.
They may also be voting on policy too. In the democratic debate every candidate raised their hands to give free healthcare for illegals, that has got to turn a lot of people off.
TIL: Rockwool insulation gets damp and mouldy, but flammable and poisonous polyisocyanurate doesn't and has better insulating properties.
Obligatory 'lordy' 

It would be a leak of some leaks
So cut into study time and you get to finish school, exhausted?
I’m struggling to work out if you’re very angry, very ashamed, or very naïve.
It's nice to see the push-back against political content because it's been a giant distraction from thoughtful discussion and development.
What's mysterious is how they came to the conclusion that one can seperate a post into source and content, when one doesn't make sense without the other.
How are only 2 papers talking about our going extinct as a species? This isn't some far out possibility, it's the most likely scenario ffs. 
protect homegrown industries 

You realize that’s the EXACT reason trump has been slapping tariffs on everything right? And it doesn’t matter when you use them the cost always gets passed on to the consumers leading to higher prices for everyone. Tariffs are idiotic and have no place in the global economy
You cook fatty meat at a low temperature with plenty of time and you get that really tender meat that you can pull apart with a fork.
No one said anything about it being plan A. Just that it was an option of capture became impossible without unacceptable risk. I thought that was pretty obvious, no?
 Somebody needs to negotiate a peace deal between chick fila and Sunday.  Because I need access to that delicious chicken nugget seven days a week.
sometimes a character has a reason to be a certain race. I.E. if a story is set in ancient Persian perhaps a prince of there, he should be Persian and not white. but it a story is set in a fictional setting the race of that character is irrelevant. how is this confusing?
Bennett is asleep at the wheel. Wow.
Lmao imagine thinking Mario kart is a good analogy for politics.

As if the two have any sort of similarity making it a good analogy
Top Gear meme:

This is brilliant: Duty, honor and loyalty to allies 

But I like this: cashing fat checks while trump greenlights ethnic cleansing
I wonder if the southern folks who don’t like the social policies of Chicago and the north half realize how poor a southern Illinois state would be
Hell naw , he’s ripped af if he lost weight he’d be too skinny
6'1 and a popeye's biscuit away from being morbidly obese
why are Labour also okay with it.

Labour is okay with foreign labour, but ffs after all that Corbyn has done, let's not pretend that he wants labour to be cheap
It's a great line. AOC says something similar pretty often.
Not sure if that should be directed at Trump or Jr.

Obligatory "Porque no los dos?"
Do not talk about mosin like that you filthy capitalist
Probably cause she has some dirt on a couple of Ex-Prime Ministers and some royals due to her father being a billionaire who owned a tabloid. They just call the swamp for special treatment until she mysteriously falls off a yacht like her father.
The sad thing is:  To be believed, you have to be this spotless, and even then it might not be enough.

There is no justice to be found for rape victims in America today.  We should change this.
Jack off to dead kids from school shootings while buying more non-functional accessories for their "hunting rifles?"
No, pretty sure they're all the fucking problem but CA is an especially disgusting cesspool of ratfuckery. Obligatory downvote for the daily troller. 
The only law that could really be used to go after Jr, would be difficult if not almost impossible to prove. As much as people won't like it, unfortunately.
Are you refering to the tory policy to raise the minimum wage to £10, or the labour policy to raise the minimum wage to £10?

I need to know, because one is communist and the other is a brilliant bit of economics.
I also like how expressive he is. He can go from happy excitement to this serious frown at the drop of a hat.
when I'm being paid well.... and it leads to a nice fat paycheck later
As unsettling as it was unsurprising, considering the people who wrote it. 
If he wins and Trump manages to get re-elected, I will probably want to move. I struggle to understand how so many people here can be so cold and selfish and ignorant.
5 times? Theres been way more attempts and they all work. Every socialist state in history has been under imperial aggression which has greatly damaged them. How many times has capitalism failed? Never hear about that do you.  I'll tell you its many times more than socialism.
Goddamn, is that Candace Owens? I didn’t know she was gorgeous too
I'd much prefer pee-pee soaked heck hole
so his point isn't legitimate until he names the 76 million richest people in the world and their contributions?

If he listed 100 of them, would that be satisfactory?
Really? I would expect DC to be completely freezing in the winter. Huh.
I don’t know how that mf is still in Congress. He’s always smirking like some nasty, old, evil bastard.
I am often annoyed by the fact that such bone-headed people have PhDs and what not, whereas I only have a BA, albeit in a serious subject.
America is broken for good in large part due to these judges
If you were responsible enough with your retirement contributions, after a certain point it would be self-sustaining and you could live on the interest.
this is pretty much what all the trump supporters I know say. also hes not doing wars. that hes a racist lying criminal seems to go right over their heads
Seems like a faulty business plan to poison your customers anyway
The funny (or the sad part) is that he had the nerve criticizing Biden for admitting his addiction and seeking help!
Obligatory fuck the EU / Eurozone too. Nothing but a managing body for the interests of german and french millionaires to fuck over the rest of the continent.
"You're a damn liar"... pressure gettin to old useless Joe....
Tom Fitton is basically doing Jeff Sessions' job on a daily basis.  

Will Sleepy Sessions ever hear those magical words, "You're Fired"?
They got bored of asking for Hillary to get locked up. Gotta move on to the next scapegoat. 

LOCK THE FBI DIRECTOR WITH IMPECCABLE CREDENTIALS AND TRACK RECORD UP 🔒 
The deafening international silence obviously.
that would be genuinely hilarious, if after all this we end up on the same numbers
I did. I chose Yang. The problem being a large enough portion of the left is violent so although Yang is still my choice, left leaning supporters are making it difficult to feel good about my choice.
It's intentional and good business. VS is a sexy brand. Being chubby isn't sexy. They don't want fat feminists tainting their brand image 
You seem from your post history to be very angry and unhappy, OP. You should change your life.
Watch the OANN special with Guliani. It’s all there. Links in the thread for part 1 and 2 


[URL]
Not to be unkind, but when I saw this title I wondered if he had finally succumbed to a health crisis stemming from his struggle with obesity. 
This is why, if anything I am *more* wary of the kinda people who indulge in virtue-signalling acts/comments. They are usually caught out as hypocritical projectionists with internalized hatred. Horrible people!
Thank you. I'm always afraid of being shit on after pouring my heart out.
I dunno, it sounds like Jeff Sessions may need to actually wake up. He’s sleepy Sessions. Don’t expect him to get out of bed 
this is the most racist part of what they do.  it's white denial of the plights of black people.  the KKK would be proud of their descendants.
Old. Fuck every shoe one of them in the ass—no lube. I’m fucking sick and tired of this bullshit. Tax these fucking assholes back into the middle class.
I disagree with the shaming part, the judge wanted it to be CRYSTAL clear that Flynn wanted to plead guilty and more importantly shut down the BS coming from the Trump team about him being tricked into lying to the FBI  
I'm hoping for a hung parliament but yes, we're likely fucked.

Best case scenario at this point is an SNP-Labour coalition.
I'm not the most attractive girl in the world, but I have a soft spot for ugly guys
Women’s sports it hilarious. All the records are being broken by men, sorry... Trans “women”.
Great letter.

Reddit leadership should tend to this polite and well-founded request.

If they can’t read between the lines, they should connect with someone more intelligent - **soon**.
Good pivots good, bad pivots bad, simple
Most people who don't pay attention to politics haven't heard anything about Iran.  Unless there's another 9/11 style attack on America, Trump is gonna get enormous blowback if he initiates anything resembling another war.  Especially when the American public has no stomach for the wars we're already in.
Yes, and I am saying most likely they will vote for Dems which is a good thing too.
He forgot Sleepy Sessions asleep under a stairwell.
I'd feel like insulting you but there's no way I could do justice to someone who looks at the billions destitute rising above absolute poverty and thinks to themselves,  'they we're better off before, they're bootlickers now'.
“Fat, drunk and stupid is no way to go through life, son.”
I honestly believe that 2020 is the Democrat's election to lose. All they need is a palatable candidate.
The sad thing is though that most of his supporters are going to absolutely love this shit. Trump is truly a unique force to reckon with, as it doesn't seem to matter what he says; no matter how fucked up it is it only makes him stronger.
 Trump: About speaking to me. But you never told me. Why didn’t you tell me?

 Conway: [inaudible].

I like to think that KAC found a way to blame the media and Hillary for this. 
Yeah, Aftermath is generally hated. I read it and found it mediocre at best. Didn't bother with the two sequels.
nope, the cost is the land.

Building homes is not expensive, if you break from idiotic bricks and mortar construction which takes ages and costs a fortune. and looks hideous.

The main cost is in the land.
Death Cult bent on World Domination is also what Zionism was mischaracterized as right around that horrendous world event where 6 million of them died.
You think the warm, rainy winters will keep many people out of SW BC?
Yeah, I was too exhausted to cast more aspersions than the article did.  I'll do better next time.

Bannon is still a horrible person.
Ah, so the Trumps get a pass? If the Clintons did that and Trump's doing that now, so that means you are ok with the Clintons actions then. You actually support it. 

Faulty logic, here. 
Isn't that simply because they got lots of votes in very few areas? All of their voters were highly concentrated in a small number of constituencies.
Seriously, brilliant? It was like, a bit better than Wonder Woman, and that was a very mediocre movie. 
My theory: the Russian video shows Trump with an 8-year-old girl, since that's the only way he could get a snug fit with his small penis.
Depends on criteria. Since 1924 overall I'd say (seats lost, %). Attlee didn't do so badly in 1935. Granted this can be a bit subjective on small differences, but certainly the worst results in a long, long time.
Yes, and she also won the primary iirc.

I'm pretty sure we are agreeing here
He gets to make it look to his base like he released it, so he's being transparent, therefore did "nothing" wrong. As usual.
That's a goofy threat. "Keep saying things I don't like, and I'll vote for a xenophobic blowhard again," is an unsettling way to see someone look at elections. Why would someone's opinion of a candidate affect your opinion on public policy?
To be honest, this is one part of the drama that I am yet to hear a satisfactory answer for
Free is too cheap. Should be more like 50% off speech
Fuck I WISH I could replace my weekly estradiol injections by just eating an Impossible burger every day. It would be so much cheaper.
Yes, and it's a process we are getting closer and closer to.

If I'm "smug", it is because my patience runs thin with the emotional over-reactivity of the internet.
It wasn't until Ben Franklin visited a school for black children that he realized he was entirely wrong about them not being intelligent and learned.
I know this is a shitpost but I instinctively downvoted at first.

Quality content, but where is Bernie Sanders, the communist that made Stalin look like a liberal?
That work IS being done in third world countries where there are a lot of oppression and poverty.  The "doctors/healers/workers" go to the sick, shunned and destitute and not to those who can heal themselves ie those who have the benefit of healthcare and social security. 
Can we also sue auto manufacturers for drunk driving deaths? Or super car manufacturers for making their cars too fast?
 He could be replaced with about four lines of Python.

Taken from the 90 percent that's neither memorable nor funny.
I dont know free market capitalism seems pretty good at producing things, like food for example...
[URL] at them. Is their mouth open? Yes? They're lying. Lesson over.
That's all well and good Tommy, but now I'm paying extra cos of the fat and obese fucks out there. Not fair at all.
That would be a perfect warm up act  for trumps rallies! They could play cover songs and then start  wrastling wwf style
You can also just not have sex. It’s not that hard
Just image if Obama or Hillary had done this.  The screams would be deafening.  
History is amazingly unkind to the stupid.

That's why.
The most offensive thing is isn’t that an ugly low status male exhibits poor judgement by asking you out, it’s the possibility that his judgement is fine and what that says about you!
Yeah but he’s the Viper.  Would like to see more of that fight.  Like the full episode worth.  Would be good.
I read the article. The guy is making himself more important than he is in order to slander Peterson. „I‘m the only reason he was hired because all the other committee members are weakminded fools that bent to my will.“
Thank you Thug Nasty, very cool!
It used to be quite a huge (and quite successful) talking point bringing up LGBT against the religious people in debates. Now it's difficult because now there's a huge dislike for the T in the LGBT
We need to localize government power to its smallest form possible.
Thanks for the post! Photos of Barron are so rare
Why should the majority of users who aren't addicted and addicts who are fully functional be punished for a minority of users who are addicted and non-functional and users who may potentially become so?
Facts don't care about your feelings /u/UJwvp 

Okay, what 'facts' are you referring to?

See, this is why leftists have meme impotence. You have no understanding of memetic content and just use them about the same as boomers trying to be 'cool'.
Racism so blatant you can hear it through a closed door (not ajar) while it streams from a PS4 app
Same - like how can you think "this is fine"? Makes me want to hit people with a wet salmon and yell, "wake up!"
Well we do have Bernard "Balloon Comb" Sanders as a candidate. Nobody more attractive than a man with policy! /s 🤮
The debates are pretty long, so a few memorable moments are what will be remembered, I think Yang did well when he had the opportunity and nailed the closing statement. It's just too bad if people are only viewing a garbage analysis that they get a skewed opinion of the winners and losers.
She is fat. That makes her less attractive than Lizzy Warren.
Her book's title is called "Becoming" everyone should have recognized something was weird when the media was forcing how "gorgeous" and "stunning" she was all the time.
Trump regularly contradicts himself within the same sentence. His word isn't worth a damp tampon.
Usually a sign of arrested development due to sexual abuse early in her development. When you see women in their 30's and up still hanging out in bars while still dressing/behaving like teenage girls, that reveals the age at which they were sexually broken.
I'm exhausted now with Mayor Pete's enlightened centrism now.
Is it cursed though? They're both reactionaries being taken for a ride by the forces of capital, and both are in defense of nasty rapey rich dudes.
This was evident 3 years ago, and all the silence of all these “conscientious Republicans” was deafening. We need to quit acting like these people just saw the light. All they see is the writing on the wall. Feckless.
He's polling really low. He's really not that big a threat and deserves to be ignored on the campaign trail.
She would be an excellent choice. Is there a running mate Pete could choose that would make him a little more palatable to you?
So...75% of the population is being oppressed by a tiny minority? Yeah, that makes zero sense and has the added drawbacks of being completely nuts and wrong. But keep on trying, Crooked Barr, I'm sure you'll find some way to be a martyr.
Hillary had multiple public, uncontrollable, coughing fits, instances where she stumbled/fainted in public, and disappeared for periods of time when she canceled public appearances

This is hardly the same as trump making a single unscheduled doctors visit, at the start of the cold season

Nice try though
Lindsey is an exception, most GOP senators are staying quiet. I'd rather have that than Lindsey's blind loyalty
You're kidding right - this is a proto fascist racist organisation, probably masquerading as a front for some white power/race hate group.

Impeccable source...
not about opinions its about arbitrarily fitting content that is unrelated to a subreddit in itself, but suit yourself. You only add to the problem. If people disagreed or misunderstood my title like you did, it wouldnt be upvoted. let the system clean itself.
Cool

The problem is the GOP have their own devoted cult and 40% of the US are a part of it
I won't vote for anyone I don't support as a leader. I don't care what party they represent. Just because things are rough and our country is going through a dark socio-political era, does not mean I will undermine my democratic values as an individual and become a sheep.
Well yes and water is also wet. Why are we still discussing the fact that angry men take it out on others, especially women??
Because sending your personal lawyer to do your bidding and holding up aid illegally is...... well illegal. It fucks up any good intentions you had, if you break the law trying to do good.
People say it was brilliant!  And by "people", I mean me.
It's pretty fucking transparent really.
Ah, bringing back wonderful memories of my teenage years. Girls wore a lot of thin lace back then thanks to Madonna, so she wasn’t all bad. Lol.
Yep it’s sick
Lock him up.

The delicious irony of his fear is goddamn palpable.
Obviously that went right over your oh so intelligent head 😂
it's not completely satisfactory, but we have to work our way up.
Something something about being loud and having the most to hide
I believe if you leave Vegas and you're *not* exhausted, you did it horribly wrong.
[I don't think you realize that we're polluting even where nobody lives..]([URL])  There are also many stories on them dumping fracking waste water in ditches along the side of the road..  Ditches that carry water during the rainy season.
It did sound that way after I re-read it, so I hope I don't come off as annoyed with you. My wording left it ambiguous.
No one asked that. There was adequate time for speeches as you just gave. All that happened before the voting. The voting was yes or no.  Hell even the SAT has true or false. And you can skip it for some points it's just fucking stupid.
Sunderland want that title back! They’re hungry for it
Lol... You're funny
Stop with your false equivalencies. Crossing the border illegally is a misdemeanor offense. You do not refer to traffic light violators or litterers as "illegals." Only the foreign colored people you are trying to dehumanize. It's transparent as your racism.
Skinny teen.
Silly Nunes doesn't remember he called for the break lol
Today Kenney is saying that Alberta is going to build next-gen nuclear reactors, creating Albertan jobs.

Tomorrow he will be blaming the federal government for making next-gen nuclear reactors impossible, destroying Albertan jobs.

You can set your watch on that.
Hillary said a lot of unkind things about Trump during the election. Trump is an incredible narcissist with no self-awareness. There is absolutely no way he didn't take that personally.
This exactly.  I tried to sign up for food stamps and they give me $9 a month. I am a single parent who works as much as possible but daycare is EXTREMELY expensive.. on top of housing crisis we have.
I have no problem with saying that alot of these evils stem from government working with big business. 

I mean, if you read Belloc (the Servile State) he will look like some kind of prophet, or at least a procurer of a unique DeLorean.
 “Not the first time you’ve tried to stick your ugly face onto a 16 year old girl’s”
  
Savage
Id vote for Andrew Yin if his Universal Basic Indebtedness didn't go straight to tech companies.

otherwise, taking 1000 dollars would reduce inflation vehemently. If everyone is poor, no one is poor, y'know?

/s
I've seen you, you aren't ugly :)
WOW, I didn't realized how open and blatant Barak in his disregard to the democracy. I thought that he was pushing envelope here and there under protection of the night, not torching the envelope on the city square in a broad day light.
How does it serve someone to make them entirely dependent on others?  So that every time they're uncomfortable they run to someone else to save them?  It feels like that's a recipe for a bunch of broken, non-functional adult children but that's just me.
Yes. 

Can you blame the greedy dictator who jails his starving subjects outside his walled palace?

He's only protecting his own interests, after all.
shes gorgeous
Quick to say that we need to step up as a society and harbor as many refugees as we can, but when it’s time to step up with your own child people take the easy way out, absolutely horrific. 
It is now crystal clear that  conservatives' basic ideology now boils down to "let's piss off and hurt liberals." Y'all are truly pathetic.
Special needs teachers for violent juvenile delinquents have an easier time in the classroom than Nadler is having today.
I dunno, the one about the flushing (the first one) really made me angry in a way none of the others have.

This one’s pretty fucking bad, tho. Thanks for the transcript. I think.
I’m more ideologically aligned with the comrades at TrueAnon but Brace gets unbearable at times and I no longer find Liz’s vocal fry sexy. 

QanonAnonymous is excellent tho
What difference would it even make? At this point anyone still supporting him wouldn't care if they had crystal clear footage of him raping someone
"What's that word for when you're not drunk and miserable all the time . . ."
comrade, I'm sure the white house has more than one toilet?
*Knockin' on Heaven's Door* is a German tragicomedy about two terminally ill men who decide to see the ocean before they die and steal a mob boss' car to make the trip.

It's equally hilarious and touching. And yes, the original title is in English.
Apparently it's not very good and this is better:

[URL]

Also:

 Heard a good podcast about this more than a few years ago. Al Letson maybe? Hold tight I'll look for it.
 
 Edit:  Here we go: [URL]
Oh yeah, lots of liberals did, just as they are doing now, and lots of conservatives refused to listen to a fucking thing liberals said, just as they are doing now


The cycle will never be broken
 [[URL]\_partner/]([URL]) 

 **4. She called Rep. Joe Kennedy a “little nasty ginger”** 

 [[URL]]([URL]) 

This next one she flat out admits she's racist.

 [[URL]]([URL]) 

 [[URL]]([URL]) 

Should I keep going?
What?

Saying “I think all people should have access to decent health care” is a Russian talking point to you? What an absolutely ridiculous thing to say.
Ya. Extremism in any form is counter productive, but fighting it with extreme responses is like pouring water on a grease fire. 
They sure have been pretty fucking quiet.   I'll believe it when it happens.
I don't think it will work, but he is getting a damn good try at it if that is what is happening.  We might end up in a civil war before he is done, or our government is going to be completely wrecked and non-functional and need to be wiped anyways.  
It be great they packed up air force one and went home while he was still asleep in his hotel. 
Your aren't going to bother considering their motivations.  You just lump then into a gigantic general group and put a label on them so you don't have to think.
Aerial warfare generally tends to have high civilian casualties. Quality of drone footage is often poor and the operators are stressed out, exhausted and go "ahh... I dunno... gotta make a decision..." before blasting a wedding.
Absolutely freezing, Some 6 degrees F below normal, on average.
The form change thing is a silly, pedantic argument. But it doesn't matter because the whistleblower claims both first and secondhand knowledge. Anyone that has read the complaint knows that.

Having secondhand knowledge does not mean they can't also have firsthand knowledge. These two things are not mutually exclusive.
Exactly, and if they are "petrified"... good? They've used their increased militarisation to terrorise working class and black/hispanic communities for decades, let them have a taste of their own fucking medicine.
It is difficult not to upvote this (/similar) link at each glance.
Trump could call a press conference, audibly shit himself, reach into his pants, pull out a handful of the aforementioned shit and shove it into his mouth whilst saying "mmm, delicious chocolate pudding" and not lose a single voter. 
Just went on a tirade saying these animal cops should be fed to a pack of hungry dogs for being sadistic evil MFers.  Used several F bombs.  Comment removed bc of d word that rhymes with bum.  😬🤷‍♂️🤯. Seriously, the sub name checks out.....
Teachers that suck is hardly a unique problem for CC, universities have them as well.
This is brilliant. Have you got any info to debunk the "every Labour government has left the country without money/bankrupt" claim?
This is fucked up.  Dirty af.  I do not like this at all.  Grrr... what now?!?!
wow im not suprised, going on the view must be worse than a war zone....

obligatory thoughts and prayers
They're also a blight on the landscape, think of rugged hills and mountains, fields and forests ..... and then some twat sticks some great fucking white windmills all across the horizon. Brilliant guys, brilliant.
1,200 mining jobs? nice! i hope that offsets the amount of potential jobs lost due to

- attempting to repeal ACA
- freezing federal hiring
- budget cuts
- repealing TPP
- threatening trade tariffs
- shitty disaster management
Popped an ice cold Keystone Light to celebrate but we aren’t out of the woods yet

Never stop voting, people. That’s how we got here today!
 There was a massive fuckup at that site during one of the earlier tests, that probably made it non-functional.

Probably [not]([URL]), actually. There are two other tunnel complexes there. That one may have collapsed, but the others are fine.
Wdym? UBI gives more to the poor and less to the rich, as the poor pay less in taxes.
Also lets the Rs shriek "Rush to judgment! No due process!" And whatever else they can concoct out of nearly thin air. Make it unconvincing by giving them no air to credibly work with.
What a fucking cheap shot.  Like he can control that, vs Warren who most definitely can choose whether to accept corporate donations in the general election
It's rainy here in FL, gonna bring my umbrella. 
Spying = espionage.  Hell I broke the English and the logic down for you.  You're trying to make a point not supported by the crystal clear facts.  Shoo fly.
Economy is the efficient management of limited resources so that nobody goes hungry or without essential needs such as shelter. If that means giving money away, well, that's just one tool in the arsenal. Sometimes wealth needs redistribution to provide for those needs.
Does Mattis address his involvement in Theranos in his book?

He took a lot of investors money to "consult" with Holmes who was so attractive to old Reich Wing sorts, for some reason.
No way man, the poor aren't entitled to anything! You gotta start as a starving Kenyan and "pull yourself up by the bootstraps", because anyone destitute is just a lazy freeloading bum!
But like for everyone not just nuns? To not have their dirty tits out?
Yeah, voting for invading Iraq based on the faulty intelligence cooked up by the Bush admin isn't quite the same as the Bush admin lying about the justification for war for a year and a half.
We know.  Sheesh.

A veto-override would be great.

But the more important thing at the moment is just to ensure that the strings tying Republicans to Trump are well and snug.  Double-talk is cheap.  We need all Representatives and Senators *on record* with where they stand for this stupid stunt.
Wow, a hastily erected internment camp for *children* made out of tents.

In an area where it's over 100 degrees every day in the summer and the winter is filled with freezing temperatures and storms.

Fuck this country.
I don't think that's true at all. They are not a racial category. And Obama I was asking because you asked me if I thought he was white to which I asked if you thought he was black and the conclusion is he is mixed.
Chewing up as much time as possible?
[YouTube/The New York Times:]([URL]) Sarah Huckabee Sanders Memorable Moments Defending President Trump \[2:23\]

*edit, an article on Smokey Lies: [How Sarah Sanders became Trump's liar-in-cheif]([URL]) [Nov 13 2018]
Acosta answered all the questions admirably & showed just how corrupt the media really is.  He wasn't weaselly at all.  He was professional, unflappable,  & convincing.   I hope Trump keeps him on.
This is brilliant.

[But I prefer this!]([URL])
I've got the same in FDE. Gorgeous pistol. Too bad NJ just made all my mags illegal
*sigh* because most developed humans who want to commit suicide are not doing so rationally.  In fact, I'd argue most of them would be perfectly supportive of, say, physician-assisted suicide for terminally ill patients. But most suicide attempts are not that.
Around that time we are seeing Self-driving EV Ubers, so the beginning of the end capitalism as we know it.

Globalized [URL] 40 years have been hurtful to any place that earns it income from local resource harvesting and production.

Globalized and automated capitalism.  Non-functional economy.
:D I used to cook in a Capitalist BBQ smoke house. I don't know how to make small quantities of anything. If it weren't for friendly, hungry neighbors, I'd have no room in my refrigerator during bbq season.
I mean, technically, yes. We've perfected freezing. It's the thawing no one's gotten working yet.
You brought up VAT as a negative to living in a country that has it. It doesn't make sense to say that, so why do you think VAT is bad?
The only reason they will even continue to have power in the legislature is that they have horrifically gerrymandered and rigged the districts so that Democrats would need a gigantic majority of votes to break even.
Great, just what we need in the world, more ignorant people armed and ready to kill for some ancient text that has been interpreted many different ways by many different people. I'm sure this won't backfire at all.
Tell that to republican voters who always use the stock market as a bragging point for how good the economy under Trump is.
 If it's something that could cause birth defects or something else, it'd be bad

Yeah, I don't think the terminally ill are too interested in having children, in general.
DITCH BITCH MITCH!  
He doesn't represent his people or anyone but his own interest.

He'd make a mediocre Wal-Mart greeter. 

That's about it. 
I do normally piss about on this sub but this image upsets me and makes me rather angry. No child should ever have to be in this position. We are a first world country and this should NOT be happening.
Pipe down Biden, you're on the verge on calling the moderator fat.

Oh great, Cloudbootjar again. It was what, all of 30 seconds since the last time?
Respectable... the fuck kind of asshole shit is that. The WOULD fucking vote for student loan forgiveness. Gotta make sure you pay them with you dirty unworthy money.
Agreed. Pro life Democrats are extinct except in the south and that will go away. 
Hyperbole and anecdotes... all you guys have so you cling to it like a starving calf at a empty tit.
And who would that be? That’s not sleepy sessions
FINALLY WE CAN SAY IT

PHEW

I'VE BEEN EXHAUSTED HOLDING IT IN ALL THIS TIME!!
I'm too drunk to remember the debate
Or helping out Foodbanks - Oh, silly me I forget that starving the un-employed is government policy. :(
The irony in the "dinosaur defense" is that they are extinct.
is he a filthy Republican?
What ? There plan is to tax the rich to pay for healthcare. You may not like it but their solution is as crystal clear as that.
Well isn’t that way too many either way? How many species have gone extinct from windmills?
Okay but some people being lazy VS people starving in the streets in an abundant economy still has a clear winner?
The answer is obviously that Halpert is an *idiot* and he clearly lucked out that Pam has an attraction to mediocre men who could never provide safety from a bear or the vital nourishment of beets.
Not a city manager. I make right around 75k but I live in a high COL area where median housing price is $900k. I pay maybe a couple hundred right now in deductibles.  But no one in my family has gotten really sick, thankfully.
How dare she!  That's a Deplorable mediocre white boy!
Well, if you look at the damage 3rd wave feminism has done to women in creating victims and non-functional members of society, they may have a fucking point.
What is this whataboutery? So *what* if other people at the time were pedophiles? Who the fuck looks at ancient pedophiles and thinks "this seems like a good guy to worship"? Muslims, apparently. 
“Why is California on fire? Why is my heart clogged? Why do we have a majority of obese and overweight people?”
Hmmm.... tasty salt.
Can't be taken seriously, when a guy who is actually starving his people, to acquire nukes, is lower on the list, than a guy who says things that irrational, illogical and economically illiterate people disagree with. It's just silly and childish white noise at this point.
Freezing cold here, but surprising warm to the electorate.
For the record, I want you to know you're a bad person.
Think of it as a translation of abject fear, a huge well of terror at being confronted with one's stupidity and ineptitude, it begins to make more sense.  Donny's terror is enormous and it takes all kinds of pathetic gestures to deflect it.
And sometimes there is a nasty primary fight over who gets to be the next Republican congressmen. Personally I would love it if the Texas GOP all got behind one candidate and then the Kochs got behind another and both sides pumped hundreds of thousands of dollars into fighting it out.
Watch the video. It's extremely sincere applause. Her cult found the one frame that seemed sarcastic as damage control for her ridiculous applause.
It's even worse with Andrew Yang. Straight up left off of graphics, not called on in the last debate until 32 fucking minutes in, and regularly has pundits call him "Andrew Wang" or fucking "John Wang". Fucking ridiculous.
So basically like most private charities, selectively choosing in who should receive benefits based on faulty moral assumptions. 
So even assuming you are correct, which I think is dubious, their government is already starving the population without the sanctions. 

If nations don't want to do business with a murderous regime, why is that a problem? Are other countries just supposed to sit idly by when they are threatened?
'Virtue signalling' seems to be the thing people say when they're unforgettable with something positive another person does. 
which cause i am tired of all the redcapping here.
Sleepy Sessions needs to do some Mississippi Burning style prosecutions now for bike lock cuck violating the civil rights of the victim. 
A small tax on every transaction throughout the economy. No one would be able to avoid it. The idea is to increase revenue.
 Trump has been forcibly made to be humbled and shamed in public

If you think he can even feel those types of emtions, I've got seafront property in NM to sell to you real cheap.
So if I say I was hanging out with like, 5 friends, that really means I chopped someone in half and dragged their blood soaked torso to the movies with me?
Opening sentence of that article tells you what you need to know.   They think the Obama version of this department did nothing wrong and the Trump version was greatly damaged.  

They are actually that delusional.
When I was in high school occasionally you see a student with a rifle slung on their back put it in their locker, as they'd just finished hunting or were going to do so after school. No one freaked. Stay calm, continue getting venison :)
Laura is incapable of telling the truth, except on those very rare occasions when the truth happens to line up with her hallucinations. Sorta like Dark Side of the Rainbow.
I'm saying the reason why many workers are unhappy with this.

Profit is not fair from the workers' perspective

Except without profit the workers would be unemployed. You're talking nonsense.
Ahhhh, actual propaganda.  Your tin foil hat may be on a little too tight. 
An obese cock
It’s Canada 🇨🇦 and that just might be a Real Ugly female. It’s [URL]
It's impossible to know.  Anything from fully luxury automated gay space communism to a Mad Max hellscape, depending on how things go.  But you don't need to know what's coming next to see the current system's falling apart at the seams.
That’s because these neoliberal corporatist shitheads have hijacked the left and decided for everyone else that being left wing just means falling asleep whenever someone with a D by their name becomes president. As long as that D isn’t for actually improving things for the American people, lmao.
Udderly ridiculous!
It's all the propagandists have, they're impotently trying the same tactics that they used years ago. It's sad, but also funny seeing them flail this time around.
Melanoma is as evil as her twisted husband.
I feel like she was prohibited by a bad campaign strategy, rather than being a bad candidate, much like Beto before her.
I would vote for Kier Starmer though. Former barrister, brilliant mind and traditional Labour man.
Thats a hot take there. But 16 years for burning a flag is wild. What was his first offense?
Yes, it is also a fraction of their available reserves.

The Central Government has ~3 Trillion in hard currency reserves. 

So they've spent ~10% of their rainy day fund.

The real crux of liberalism is in the slogan: 

**We're** committed to **making** intelligent **choices for** our pizzas, **people** & planet.

i.e.

**We're making choices for people**
I am so damp right now.
**TOP KEK**

Her donkey teeth are hideous 
As someone who has organized fund raising for several different small, local groups, I feel like large corporations should do more to give back to the communities they’re in. Local groups are suffering as place like hobby lobby and amazon support targeted groups, which are usually not associated with small local groups.
oh, you listen to "problems unsolvable without violence"? name three of their songs

but actually tho folks dont generally start out wanting to hurt others
Someone I knew was dead convinced that LGBT is a modern concept and applying it to ancient Greece is absurd
Let me be crystal clear, maybe?
And the ability to use cheap labor from all over the world, while still selling to expensive customers in The West.

But don't worry, they are building up enough billionaires in China so they can ignore The West soon enough
For now, but if you keep expanding the pool of people "owed" it'll become more and more attractive. Reparations are just theft at gunpoint with the full weight of the law behind it. Advocates for this need to be dealt with.
Im sure he would be delighted to have such a show, wasnt he the one who called for a "Ministry of Truth" recently? 

War is peace, freedom is slavery and ignorance is strength, right?
It's go away quiet money, if he fought them this would be in the news for years to come.  It's not fair but the min wage employee doesn't get the same coverage.  Negative coverage costs them money.
This is hilarious. Remember when she tried to refuse him the state of the union speech because of the government budget stall ?
The guy has the charisma of a damp dirty rag. 

Added 'dirty' for dramatic effect.
Excellent point. Then everyone is paying what they would have paid before for 'owning' a home.

With wealth prevention, most will not have the ability to accumulate enough wealth to purchase a home.

All part of the plan.

There was an honest but embarrassing way he could have handled it. Then there was the slimy "what the definition of is is" way he chose. Standards should be exacting and rigorous in the executive branch. Trading Gore for Clinton is a perfectly satisfactory exchange for keeping ethical standards watertight.
Holy shit are you? What a filthy excuse for a human being.
If they did .... it was 2-3-4 seats.

As I said in OP... the maximum total effect, making the most generous assumptions possible for Labour, this may have been a handful of seats.

That doesn't even make a dent in Labours losses.

Labour's defeat is for reasons other than BXP.
So dubiously sourced "phone tape" is leaked then plastered all over the Internet by every unreliable source ever. Should it matter that Estonia has confirmed it? I think this is a big bag of fake ass propaganda.
Cher, you petrified old lamprey, you're not intelligent nor well-informed enough to even have an opinion.  

Nobody cares about you or what you think.  Most people don't even know you're alive.  You haven't been relevant for decades.  Just be quiet.
When I'm depressed I like to sit in a brutalist Chuck e cheese on a rainy day and eat pizza.
I might be full of shit from time to time but at least I'm not a worthless cowardly bitch who refuses to admit what he is because he's afraid some skinny kid in a hoodie will give him a black eye.
They've already sold the country out to Russia, so what's a sheet of old paper?
Just finished voting in New York. For a rainy day at around 4:30 PM on an off-year it was surprisingly busy.
Which is, of course, what will happen, because Democrats clean their own house.
Do those angles typically boil down to: affirmative action disturbs the natural order; If black people and women were as capable as white men, the market would have made it do that they do equally well?
the shitlibs in MA are having a gigantic victory circle-jerk over a candidate they never heard of before yesterday, in a state they have never been to, filled with people they don't care about. This is just Hillary winning by proxy in the minds of the left up here. 
WTF is sickish moralism?

[URL]
"As the President said, Crystal clear, No Crimes!"

Edit; I forgot the "wink, wink".
People will be more inclined to look up what the naked people is all about, or naturally hear about the media coverage somewhere; which brings this out to light. It's a good protest because it's memorable yet not overly disruptive
We risk going extinct and do not seem to realize or care. r/Sapienism
u/JjmMn Can we be scared now?
I read 
Q Mr. President----( inaudible)----
Rightists love to pretend that only people on the left get angry about politics
Haha. Indeed, I'm not disagreeing with you. All I'm day Ng is all these celebrations of how brilliant labour have played it... Are bollocks
I always chuckle when I see some soft-focus, lens flared enhanced, warm feel good ad for Facebook. It was always about misogyny.
Please do. 

Maybe the stable door - even at this late stage - is still unbolted and fractionally ajar. 

Maybe by publicising this we might get some people to awake from the Brexit coma that seems to have afflicted so many.
Don't treat all members of a group badly just because one member was problematic.  We're all just people. 

If you thought badly of all black people just because one black person was obnoxious to you, then yeah, that's something you should work on fixing.
You're referring to the American brand of "catholics", the insane Talibangelists who worship supply-side Jesus, shuns immigrants, starve the hungry, imprisons the children and shit on everything Jesus teaches us.  Fuck those people.
Believing poor & low middle class people are equivalent to extinct bottom feeders, yup I’m in r/Libertarian 
Moreover, we in fact need to maintain market clearance, order fulfillment, and demand or the economy will collapse with such an enormous work shortfall. Immigration would be a chance to maintain current levels of economic activity.
After ten years, it will be back to square one, giving politicians another opportunity to please some voters.  Brilliant.
YES! Who doesn't want Hollywood kept on a tight leash.
Angry clacking of keyboard sounds is deafening.
He has “insurance”, doesn’t he? It would be refreshing to see. *Someone* when facing a large prison sentence, will roll over and implicate a bunch of others. Certain people will have their sentencing agreements altered because they committed perjury, and it will be immensely satisfying to watch.
It's hard to believe he was the last *relatively* honest Republican president, but I agree. Even agreeing to raising taxes after the whole no new taxes thing required something rare today, courage.
I’m as right wing as they come and I got banned from there for being ‘liberal’ for daring to suggest we shouldn’t kill the gays. 

(Turns out Commies hate gays more than black folk do!)
There are no investigators, there is a bunch of Democrats running secret partisan meetings in the basement of the capitol and literally barring Republicans from attending.  There is a partisan witch hunt and if we had justice in this country everybody involved would be rotting in a deep dark hole in Guantanamo.
  We need someone atleast mildly competent in the AG role.

Coming from an NPC, that means absolutely nothing.  Any more hot takes you want to share?  Rhetorical question, don't answer, just slither back to r/politics where your opinion will get some traction
Oh? Nasty messages? Come on dude.
We all expressed our sympathy for you and your experience AS WELL as OP’s. You, however, made it a pissing contents.
That's totally reasonable. I prefer Pete at this point because of his unique vision for America, but Warren is a close second and I would also be ecstatic to see her as the nominee.
She was unflappable. There IS a deep state and it's actually a good thing. It's made up of dedicated government officials who work quietly to serving our country. What a badass. She's the complete opposite of trump.
Ugly lookin bitches
I don’t get it, is it a dry skin joke?
The feels pouring from his eyes fucked his keyboard up.
 See? You can't answer that

Can't answer what, angry prole?
As an obese person, may I be the first to say the following:

I love eating food so much that it's *literally killing me. Please send help.*

"Glorifying" my binge-eating is not going to stop me from eating myself to an early grave.
I partly remembered this article, too, which agreed with my grandfather; [URL]

Quoted: "The military influence on Mueller’s dress sense is further apparent in his habit of wearing his hideous Casio turned so that the face is on the inside of his wrist, the way an infantryman would…"
It has been pretty par for the course for the Republicans to act this way during the impeachment hearings. Outside of these hearings, they are all usually half asleep.
China has a tiny incentive in getting dipshit don reelected.

He's easier to manipulate, and all it would cost is a token concession since he won't understand the difference.
I will not share, stupid commie. no wonder you're going extinct, you stripey losers
We (that is to say, Trump's administration) deliberately withdrew troops and allowed Turkey to massacre the Kurds. We may not be responsible for firing the bullets, but it's still absolutely our fault.
Obligatory: Remember when Erdogan's goons beat up US citizens who were legally protesting and Trump was silent?
Yes, collectively lliterally are.  The black incarceration rates are astronomical for a reason.  

Black culture is collectively pretty terrible at the moment, I feel bad for the blacks struggling with the collateral damage of the bad apples.  You people glorify what is bad, a large part of the problem.
I keep posting this on FB - The cold war never ended, and we are losing.
She’s got nothing substantive for stay-at-home parents and other caregivers who are mostly female. Women politicians mystify me that they don’t see how perfect UBI is for supporting the important task of caring.
In new polling he was tied with Biden, and ahead of warren. Obviously questionable, but not impossible based on the flaws of polling last election cycle
The other 69% would be too high on opiates?

Somewhat unkind, but it'd seem another 20% (less than 1/3 of those expected not to vote) could show up and put a real scare into state politicians who believe their voters don't give a $#!+.
Don't lose focus. This headline is just a pathetic attempt at distracting from the laws that trump has broken. His treasonous acts. And his filthy xenophobic behavior.
Take a good hard look. You have lost the ability to think objectively.
What rock are you having such a hard time crawling out from under?  *They're supposed to be unsettling.  IT'S FUCKING CANCER.*


Because this is a transparent attempt to pander to bigots and racists.
They should really use the words "Cruel and Unusual Punishment" - because it makes it that much more crystal clear that torture is without a shadow of a doubt UNCONSTITUTIONAL.
That is a really unsettling thought, if true.
Her name is Snug Fittin
Birdshot tends not to penetrate walls while still being more than adequate for home defense.
Beautiful and respectful, and then some chubby illegal plastered some pro LGBT stickers all over ot after she cleaned it and tweeted it to this wonderful girl. Leftists only know how to destroy.
Fat millionaire chastises fat millionaires. Fuck Moore.
Until I see evidence from a lipreading expert I'm not buying the assertion of this inaudible quote
Your assertion is that it's better to have a black market for dirty needles between inmates than to provide clean ones at an institutional level?
A meritless, mediocre white man with a superiority complex takes credit for the *actual work* of an intelligent, dedicated black man.

Sounds about America.
What do you know? A restaurant  chain serving high quality, delicious food, in very clean restaurants, by employees with impeccable manners and efficiency, and no milkshake machines ever “breaking down”, is doing well?
So in winter when many of the areas burning now had sub zero morning temperatures it was "too hot". Jesus you people are full of it.
That’s their business model. They’re quiet and assumedly small. But they’re everywhere — in big ways — subverting our will and democracy.
The Russians are probably not happy with this result, it is much too decisive for their taste.


Another hung parliment would make Putin very happy.
This is the most legit thing I've seen all day. WE ARE THE MEDIA.   
  
Thank you reddit.   
  
I am so excited right now.   
  
#PETRIFIED WOOD 
I would like that but i dont see how it's possible. The Jordanians are very against it.
I can't remember a day where the silence from the conservative media is this deafening since the Access Hollywood tape.
Adderall keeps me from going on long, angry rants. Helps impulse control, too.

Unless you abuse it. Paranoia, delusions, mood swings, impulsivity, anger, etc. You don't fuck with amphetamines.
That was not hostile, that was sarcasm.  

If all opinions are welcome then you don't get to say "other than the ones that bash trump".  This "unique perspective" you looking to preserve just sounds like you want an echo chamber.
Sure.  Agreed.  Encourage people, if they really must do this, to make it obvious to other customers.  E.g. leave the lids ajar a bit or something.
Trump soon fired back with one of the evening’s most memorable lines. “When you try to act holier than thou it really doesn’t work?”


[smh]([URL])
Here's a talk he did at SXSW 6 months ago. It was especially authentic and off the cuff because the interviewer couldn't make it so Yang just hung out and talked and engaged with the audience. This is memorable for me as the video that got me hooked on Yang: [URL]
I really thought that link was going to be snug pepe sitting by the fire shitposting. 
Did I say I hate Crowder? I like Tim Pool. Crowder has some good content too, have listened to both on occasion for years

I thought it was silly argument on your part
Its about return on investment. 

The north just isn't attractive.
He’s sniffed boomer biker chicks before. He’s just nasty
Add it to the pile of unforgettable and unforgivable acts.
It's alright if you want to back down now, but I seriously don't understand why you would take the angle you did in the first place. Maybe aggression, compulsion, boredom, misunderstanding? Anyways..

 Obligatory i told you so.
Black Site Buttigieg is a terrible candidate
She has a better legislative record. I don’t want razzle dazzle. I want quiet competence.
Tell that to the people we've helped. I think they'd have some unkind words for you.

I'm not advocating the war in Afghanistan either (I am strongly opposed to it), I'm just saying that your claim is wildly exaggerated about how "evil" the US is.
*insert obligatory political compass and loss jokes*
It's not. The polling lines are much shorter in Venezuela because they actually have an adequate number of precincts, unlike the US.
So now they are going to be broke and HUNGRY.
I'm tired of America being represented by retirees.
[Per the Washington Post]([URL]), Pete owns a pair of antique guns. I would presume that the guns are non-functional.
Makes me happy to choose a company that can admit they have no control over such a thing and respond by avoiding it in general instead of raking in dirty political foreign money.
Terminally ill patients filling out paperwork to try a treatment that may enable them to live could be considered maiming?

Thats a strange argument.
A man hired as a contractor at an upscale apartment complex in Century City says he and his coworker were subjected to racist accusations by a resident — who proceeded to throw scalding coffee on him

[URL]

Maybe, but I'd rather be soulless than destitute. 
“Unhappy with his salary” is what his high profile spin doctors are spinning.  
What does that have to do with my question?  Why the fuck would they keep the door ajar, if they were still prepping
Yeah I think the targets should be set towards education and awareness rather than monitoring and policing

Very difficult waters to navigate though
You can't argue with these people. I've been trying all morning in Pol. They seriously believe nothing is fishy at all about the previous administration's actions. It's official. To Dems, shining the light on corruption is now worse than the actual corruption.
That's no Jake from State Farm and he looks hideous, sure he sounds hideous.
Bro, the point is the system is broken and it’s working for politicians who want what they want (serving their self interest) and not what the people want.
Yeah I reckon they’ll get another hard leftie - if Corbyn has to go they definitely won’t return to the centre left in my opinion
same but more moderate for the most part (unless there was a shit ton of the communes, because I think democracy works best in small population sizes)
Scalding take: leave the blank
 I do consider the federal regulation to be functional


It is impossible to believe this and that unnecessary third trimester abortions are unacceptable at the same time. Pick one.
All good. Many times, like Charlie Brown, I have continued to try to kick that football as well : )
Ooh, self burn. Those are rare (but not for Sleepy Joe).
Because I was captain autism that's literally all I focused on when I was told to read that. I thought entirely about how that shit worked. I then deduced that it was impossible and thus that the entire point of the short story was moot as nothing like that was even possible.
I am just happy to be here.
nope..  adding a citation to make it crystal clear that you can't trust the US government without reservations.
It's really sad.  They try to come across as centrists or whatever, and then call people incels just because they criticize or make fun of silly feminist stuff.
Cold take: Inaction is itself an action, and you have to own the consequences.

Hot take: this but intervention. If Hawks have to own the consequences when we intervene and fuck everything up, Doves have to own the consequences when we allow dictators to massacre their people.
I'm white wine tipsy and listening to summer oldies. Love you patriot bastards 
Too bad about your feelings but $400m in military aid that is being used to fight Russia was released because people started calling Trump our on his extortion. 

If the cost of supporting our allies against Russia is  a few twisted panties, it’s worth the cost.
Delicious. I read [cockroaches]([URL]) are becoming so immune to insecticides they will soon be *UNSTOPPABLE* .. can we make energy bars out of them I wonder? Unstoppable cockroaches must be nutritious?
Saying the quiet part loud
Here's the crazy thing. It's possible to buy a brand new bolt action hunting rifle. Not so good for shooting multiple things in quick succession but perfectly adequate for hunting which is the only thing they should be used for.
Another precursor is food.  You can't get online if you starved to death.  Free pizza for all.  It's an inalianeble right.
Personally, I'd be more likely to entertain a young person trying to sell me something; be it fundraising cookies or some random ideologies and politics.

If it's an adult, my immediate thought is if he trying to sell me some MLM scam.
Election Day! I hosted the Facebook Live on Trump's Facebook page on Election Day and it was absolutely incredible. After finishing Facebook Live, we were all in the war room as results came in! It was truly an unforgettable experience.
It might be filthy, but you know it's angry.
Seems like a pretty gigantic "if". I don't think you believe it yourself; I think you want your opponents silenced because revenge is satisfying, not because you expect it to lead to more free speech.
There are definitely a lot of gorgeous Arab women and a lot of gorgeous white women, that's for sure.
" so scary" it's one retard on Twitter. Calm the fuck down.
Good luck!
[URL] one wants to see Mike Pence

I was going to add more words to that sentence and then I realised it was perfect as it was.
Collins and eisen do seem pretty chummy. I find it crazy how they're all friends behind the curtain.
You mean the fact that a low level unemployed nobody who never held a paying job married a successful  attractive Italian Layer who worked for the European Parliament?
Thomas Sowell is one of the most brilliant men, women, or attack helicopters to have ever lived. You cannot change my mind on that.
Why does impeccable sound like such a negative word, lol. I thought this was going to be criticism
If Lord Mittington the Fourth were a sincere conscientious objector, like Dick Cheney or Newt Gingrich, I could dig it, but Lord Mittington actively demonstrated in favor of the war, from his safe, snug vantage back in the rear, on deferment. Real quality leadership, right there.
Well when you put it like that...

I guess I’ll just stick with my good old cleanish right hand. 

At least until my genitalia turns against me and either inverts or falls off as all you super helpful nurses have pointed out. 
I wonder how those terminally ill people Trump paraded out at the State of the Union to push his experimental drug program feel about this.
Exhibit B: Their love for their country is twisted and perverse.
His wife ain’t dirty ?   Lol
"Nasty woman"
Windmills are the greatest threat in the US

Obligatory [xkcd]([URL]) reference.
Yeah my excel at work (finance) defaults to Consolas   
a) *every character is the same width, even in bold, so* numbers line up   
b) every character is unique (O0, Il1 etc)

*Edit in italics*
And if *you're* poor but vote for me, don't worry the reason you're poor is probably immigrants or minorities! It's not your fault so keep voting for me!
 accepted the result and moved on with their lives

Accepted what result? I voted leave and my vote has now been twisted to apparently mean an act of national populist suicide. A no-deal Brexit, which is presumably the only option left, dwarfs any other issue.
You don't pick the country that the US is even more annoyed with to ally yourself. That's basically asking to get punched in the face. Just look at the results. [One year later]([URL]), and the US was angrier with us than when we started out.
Why do they hate poor people??
Like Live Aid all over again, feed the starving africans and bam there's twice as many starving africans whoops lol.
Yep. There's a million things that'll get them through this cold winter and make them proud to spend their last couple bucks on a cheap red MAGA hat.
So you'd rather a cabinet minister be a narcassist who can look good and hold his seat through bullshitting, while simultaneously run a whole bloated civil service department *and* represent and keep happy a constituency?



Why not just streamline the position, so they can focus on running a department?!
It's the freedom of THEIR religion. Not yours or anyone elses. If their religion had it mandatory that a terminally ill person or mentally disabled child be burned alive. They would insist it is their right to do it.
You think you're contributing to something? Haha

The irony here is deafening.
You found yourself in a [URL] tried to dig yourself [URL] when that looked difficult, you screamed "dig upwards you gatekeeper!"
Be wary of Fake News, pedes. 
Do you consider anyone who is happy with their insurance a low information voter?
Why work under the assumptions of woman-hating Trumpmen, though?

You should call faulty premises into question, not just ignore them and proceed to debate the conclusion being drawn from them.

That doesn't even make sense, honestly.
Perfect health, not obese, according to that doctors note.
What is it with these sanctimonious Republican  bastards leaving their terminally ill wives?

McCain, [URL] let's make a list.
Desperation is... revealing. Tasty as well.
Yeah. all the transcripts from Trump have [inaudible] and [incomprehensible] tags peppered everywhere, almost like if Trump was incoherent and senile.
I want Blanchet to release a series of audiobooks so I can fall asleep to his voice
You'd almost believe the tories think government money comes from thin air.
I went up to redmond for business. I ate at the tipsy cow. Holy shit best burger joint ever.
Fat Nixon
#SLEEPY DOCTOR!
Even worse, it was him dabbing with his dirty kitchen in the background.
Yeah, meanwhile those same people are posting a bunch of nasty shit about Fox News on the more conservative sites to stir those folks up.
 but there's something unsettling and arrogant about Hillary's assumption that she is owed the US presidency.

I would think that her behavior during and after her primary loss to Obama would refute this idea.
With in 2 years of his ascendancy, Trump has gone through even the mediocre talent pool and is left with aging grifters like himself. 
Well, people were pretty unhappy about it before the accusations. The allegations certainly thrust the nomination more into the spotlight though. Ultimately I think more Americans were negative than positive about Kavanaugh even without the allegations, but I'm sure there's polling out there that has the real answer to that question. 
I don't think anything I said contradicts your points here and I basically agree.

We should still be conscious and wary of those outside influences.
I'm pretty hungry right now tbh. Might go to Chick-fil-A.
Because hypocrisy is bad.
I've been watching this since I saw this post about an hour ago. Roughly $5,000 has been pouring into this account every ~10 minutes. 
You shouldn't despair.

Use the correct title or [link the title to the correct content.]([URL]) 

This is the second time you've done one of these mashups and you were told not to.
I wish her disease is heritable so it can go extinct
It's not twisted. It's just racism.
Remember back in the good old days, like during the Stormy Daniels stuff? ( /s) Just when you didn't think things could devolve any more. Shit is just straight up scary now.
My what a horrible little imagination some of us have. I was thinking that poor, abused, Tammy Robinson would have an opportunity to do some Pranayamvarajankadana and open his fourth chakra. Free yoga class in prisons y'know. 

We do jump to conclusions when our minds are plagued by hungry ghosts.
Why not Mexico? It's probably nice and warm this time of year, Canada is going to be freezing.
Lol yeah I'll contemplate it while I'm at my vacation home in Jamaica. Life's been good to me so far.
I graduated high school in '89. I was too busy too. I think it was just as complex, yet the voice of the mainstream was deafening. 
He lived his live on the backs of slaves, his parents lifted him with blood soaked bootstraps.
 These people were starving before Trump showed up buddy.

You're right, this started long before Trump but that doesn't mean that Venezuela's economy crashed itself. Sanctions began in 2014, the same year the price of oil dropped by ~40%.
Bush and Cheney never testified under oath. The administration stonewalled and strong-armed to prevent investigation into the administration's role, allowing only investigations into the intelligence agencies roles. Using a private email system so millions of emails were unavailable as required by the Presidential Records Act. etc.
Nice rant. 

I only wish that his "supporters" could somehow begin to comprehend the gravity of this situation and it's unsettling effects. 
Put a lien on Trump Faulty Tower.  Yeah NYC would probably be pretty low on this list of lien holders...
More people stoned out of their minds freezing in snow drifts. I put about 5s of thought into this flippant prediction.
"You know what society had a good handle on citizenship and rights? Ancient Rome. Such a just society."
I for one think its stunning and brave that in todays day and age a Centaur can openly identify as a biped and have his hind quarters removed...
being "head of household," having x number of dependents, or being a dependent yourself are hardly unsolvable equations to figure out.
If young people vote we're definitely there.

Seems to be a generational gap when I speak with coworkers or family members about it. The campaign does their own internal polls what with the 10s of thousands of doors knocked, over 8 million calls made and over 63 million texts. They seem pretty confident.
he didn't donate to woman causes, black causes, or children causes

crystal clear , Trump hates women, blacks and children!
Since this scenario allows for a world in which a judge accepts the Admin’s transparent pretext for a decision based on racial animus, it’s hard to says it’s the “best case scenario.”
Quick, while the mods are asleep.
Sensible outrage at Donald Trump's bad policies and idiotic word-salad statements allows Canadians to make good judgements.
This is typical emotionally motivated nonsense. Someone who is intelligent can communicate. Being an idiot doesn't exclude one from getting into prestigious schools. Truth is what contributes to survival in a million years, lol. GTFO I'm not interested even if you can massage some silly aphorisms out of his babble.
And I'm right here with you ready to defend. Sessions is basically shadow attacking our GEOTUS but GEOTUS ISN'T BLIND HE SEES SLEEPY SNOPPY SESSIONS
Great News, now watch Jesus punish us!

I predict earthquakes and wildfires in the Los Angeles area!  Or mudslides if it's rainy!
well there goes that argument. pretty cringe on my part. 

i stand by that it’s a shitty account though. you only reply “uhh cringe” because you can’t make any decent rebuttals because you have no deep political understanding of fuckin anything
Why not let states decide? Citizens and businesses can then move to the environment that they prefer. Some people would rather live where it is not legal. Same as with dry counties that still exist.
Seemed like a very unsound business- cheap stuff sold using a psychological trick.

B&M have a far better business model.

Brexit murdered pound world  but they were already terminally ill.
Totally transparent! Completely exhonerates the President!
the unforgettable Republican swarming of the SCIF, for instance, was really just an outward sign that GOP lawmakers are struggling with their consciences right now

Yeah, I'm pretty sure that isn't what's going on here.
if you read their blog they saw lots of kindness it's true, but it only takes one extremely unkind person to change everything
 spent way too much time dropping red pills

Oxymoron.  Impossible.  That's like saying "intelligent liberal".
umm you know that isnt true right. most people hate filthy commies regardless of age demographic

edit: filthy commies was ironic, but my point still stands
Tired and fat, has problems with incontinence as well people are saying.
We either need a Constitutional amendment or new SCOTUS to do this. There is nothing unique about electing Sanders to fix this. But if we’re going to have it in our lifetime only an amendment really seems likely; unless there’s a way to dramatically change the Court.
I think h0wlback is trying to make some thin commentary about gun owners that own AR-15s specifically.
Multiple articles say British based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights is the source.  TBH it's always British intel that drags us into things.  I was coming around to the idea, but now that I know it's British intel I'm very wary.  Surely the US has it's own monitoring?
Why am I not surprised Gaetz is on that list. He drunk again?
Or put in dryer lightly damp
It used to be 100, until they discovered 28% of the population is gay and figured out 28 of those virgins were boys dressed as girls.

(In case it's not crystal clear: /s)
"When you were pouring the Bisquick.... were you trying to make pancakes?"
Its more complicated than that, the Alt Right needs skilled,intelligent people if we want to defeat the Left.
By definition those equations become unsolvable once we do that ...
It was more fun before Trump learned fear and stopped tweeting today. On the other hand it's fun to think that he's petrified that his life is over and his legacy will be the butt of the joke for decades.
This ducking [dyac] idiot is alludong to genocide. Extinct? Wtf fuck you
"Why is it, when a door is open it's ajar, but when a jar is open, it's not a door?"


Steven Wright 
“Most people who are hating on you, they are not worried about where you are. They're worried about where you're going”.
- Elijah Cummings 

He is such an excellent role model for young black men and women. My condolences to his family and his constituents in the city of Baltimore.
A large part of China’s emissions relate to goods which are consumed in the UK and other Western countries. That’s why it looks like we’re doing ‘very well’ emissions-wise.
Voting trump (I.e. abstain) over Biden-Gabbard is a Bernie or bust russiabot wet dream
I'm just grown tired of talking with vacuous people who use vacuous language and don't make arguments so much as present self-important narratives of imagined oppression.
Term limits are never going to happen and are just cheap pandering
It is but the bros are sock/meat puppeting it into almost certain safety.
I won’t still be around to see history judge Obama as the mediocre president he was but his worshippers will so there is some comfort in that. 
Going extinct? The future is not set in stone my friend.
Yes pouring micro plastics, toxic waste and oil in the ocean is bad.
It may be an old story, but Amy Klobuchar is 100% a Karen.  She shits all over everyone else's policies and excels in attacking others while offering nothing of value in its place except "I'm a more palatable Republican."
Do you think Pence's history of being...I'm trying to think of the most diplomatic phrase [URL] to the community in Indiana is acceptable behavior for a major national politician?
Byline: ⚠️VIOLENT LEFT⚠️

Goes on to post worship of a violent far-right shooter that killed almost 50 people. 

Man, their logic is so twisted and so full of projection. How pathetic.
Had to dust that one off first didn’t ya? Felt more ancient than the actual Chicken Man reference.
I like to have the correct information and appreciate it when people give it to me.  Its less rare than you think I think.  Just as long as the person isn't mocking me when they correct me.  Then they can fuck the hell off.
I’m not going to argue with you. We are judged by how we treat our least disadvantaged citizens. If you disagree with that, or think certain types of suffering deserve less relief, then I’m going to stand by what I said.
Watch her melt away when Soros and the globalists grow tired of her and find someone else.
The cognitive dissonance of screaming how those overpaid unionized teachers aren't doing their job out of one corner of their mouth and then screaming why their kids suddenly know about evolution out the other corner must be fucking deafening.
Corbyn is going to go to town with Johnson.

Johnson is completely and utterly hopeless, wherever you sit, Corbyn is appearing calm and intelligent.

He will be PM.
So they can keep the seat warm for the next Trump?
WHY AREN'T THOUSANDS OF JP FANS POURING INTO THIS MELTING POT
Explains why most of the refugees pouring into Europe are or will be of age to join an "EU" army.
This is like breaking into someone's house, slipping on the wet tile in the entryway, and then suing the homeowners for not having a "Slippery when wet" sign up.
 Warren has been pretty open about the fact that she doesn't value ~~minority~~ lives.
All of the Trump women are stunning. Great genes!
How in the world do you just "wipe" a gigantic pile of ballots? That would take days even with a full staff of shredders
Not pelosi she’s too drunk to wear stiletto heels
My fiancee's grandma is an old farmer in Iowa. She swears up and down how millennials are sucking the government dry. She gets $10k an acre for growing corn on top of social security and Medicare.
This maybe not related but I'm pretty sad every time that I see picture of aleppo's citadel. This place look soooo gorgeous before war and the war destroyed parts of her. 

I will definitely visit her after this war end and I hope it end real soon. 
From top left to right, then bottom row:

A drunk who misses disco,  Leisure Suit Larry,  Someone who didn’t get cast for Sopranos.

The Cross-eyed Goon, a Mexican, and Fat Bastard.
I laughed out loud at this.  Looks delicious
The large majority of democracies yet formed have not fallen.  Not saying you're ultimately going to be wrong, I definitely agree, just that the reasoning is unsound.
Mother nature let's fires rage forever to clean out the undergrowth. She has time to regrow.
I guess you could say she's... Hot in Cleveland
I do appreciate how some rando gold shill took an ancient economist joke and tried to pawn it off as hillarious cartoon wit by placing two real economists in it.

The original comic is a true shit post in so many ways, it almost defies belief.
I think it's the opposite and they will increase for a short time until the outstanding funds are depleted. Smaller, cheaper "events" will happen using "lone-wolf" actors. spez:But yeah, let's *hope* the trend slows.
So he’s woke and a wet wipe?
Lots of people noticed and ruled them out as clownish and faking being extreme for a populist show.

It was not quiet. It was loud and obnoxious like Trump and Boris. People thought the laws and system would work. Then the German 9/11 happened in the Reichstag and suddenly shit got real.
It's the best bot delivering the worst content
Of course. All resources are scarce. And if someone were to buy my fingers and brain, the resources I use for employment, then I'd indeed be up a creek.

Nice ad hominem though. I assume that means you have no real argument to make.
Is there anything he can do about the Turks though? They've got a pretty serious military and Assad is pretty depleted. Wouldn't he just get annihilated if he fucks with Erdogan?  
"The US isn't backing a military coup against a left-leaning political party! Here is a cold war organization started by the US to stop left-leaning governments from attaining power saying so!"
By all accounts she was a cold, aloof woman with little love for her children.
But like.. so? Every animal on our planet is dumber than us. But dogs are like never unhappy if you treat them well, making everyone around them happier as well.
Clinton also famously depleted our reserves to keep prices low.
I love that when you say “Hey so don’t have sex.” and the rage just comes pouring out.
Okay then, what is it mixed with if not socialism? Social programs like government aid are socialist in nature. If you’re going to attack my intelligence that hard it shows how scared you are of looking dumb, so here’s your shot big brain.
It's the perfect proof-reading assignment. Not just fact checking, but proof-reading.
Rasmussen is a joke, but this poll confirms my priors and is therefore ok. Good numbers for pete, fantastic numbers for Biden, mediocre for Sanders and bad for Warren all things considered.
MAKE AN EXAMPLE OF THESE TRAITORS, FOR THE LURKERS ON THE LEFT TO WITNESS. AN UNFORGETTABLE, INDELIBLE EXAMPLE!
The whole impeachment inquiry should be reexamined. It is now crystal clear that the ranking member had a conflict of interest. None of his statements can be trusted in regards to anything Ukraine related.
No.  The president is allowed to make jokes also.
You are missing the point. The state shouldn't be seizing property in the first place. The 4th and 5th amendments are crystal clear, its illegal.  
Physical property is rivalrous. It cannot be used by different people at the same time. Intellectual property is non-rivalrous. I cannot *literally* steal your idea short of removing part of your brain from your head. 

IP laws create artificial scarcity, which drives up prices. Physical property actually is scarce.
Is it greed, or is it bad policy?

I'm sure if you gave Canadian drug makers a monopoly on a molecule in exchange for very minor changes at the molecular level, you'd see similar pricing.

US IP is broken, written completely by special interests:

 [[URL]]([URL])
Actual Marxists aren't/wouldn't be offended, either. Friedrich Engels, _Marx's cowriter on the Manifesto,_ was filthy rich.

The problem is the system. Not the individuals who benefit from it.
I prefer dedicated bus lanes to light rail tbh.

Buses are able to adjust in a way that light rail can't. Unfortunately lots of people like light rail over buses because the former is more trendy
I'm very angry, yes, misinformed, not so much. People like you make me very angry, it takes a very unique kind of individual to be proud of what you're doing.
At least you admit that you tried destroying his life just to delay his confirmation. Goddamn unethical party ruining a spotless reputation from a 36 year old refuted accusation.
Or a blast of scalding hot water as the sun-baked hose heats that first little bit.
Just happy to know you guys have more tricks up your sleeve! Let’s do this! ✊🏼
I don't think Strzok damaged the reputation of the FBI...
Found [this]([URL]), the entry for July 20th. It's about 20 min, so not all of it. Also they're talking over most of it. Can hear trump talk in the background, but it's inaudible. NYT why u do this
Commit more crimes really means arrested more for committing crimes, and given the documented racism in the justice system and law enforcement this makes that argument you just made pretty paper thin.
The tour of duty doesn't really count for much. It's not a unique attribute. He still hasn't been in elected office very long. By no measure is he anywhere close to Sanders or Warren or Biden in experience.
thank for donating because it signifies a vote and increases his new numbers of unique donors we are hoping to ge to a million from 750,000

 please ask a friend its a really big deal and we appreciate it
Would you rather drop acid and hang out... 

This one. I'll have the acid, please. Medium rare.
The rich are stoked

The middle-class is soaked

The rest are choked

-Ballad
 of Trumpism
Why is Trump such an insecure thin skinned whiny kid? He’s so egotistical he can’t accept any mistakes. It’s fairly obvious to see that if there were no checks or balances on his power he’d be a tyrannical dictator.
If the only media organization with a spotless record has a narrative, then maybe it's an important one.

The fact that no big media is reporting on this either should tell you something.
What are congressmen’s bodyguards responses to a lawful attempt to citizens arrest? Are they allowed to kill you?
And let's be [URL] Zuckerberg is ugly as fuck.

Though I knew what Mark Zuckerberg looked like before The Social Network, the movie was memorable enough that I end up thinking of Jesse before Mark's actual face.

Sodom and Gomorrah was literally razed to the ground because they were unkind to foreigners. Lot and his family were able to be spared because they gave shelter to the foreigners.
That necklace is really cool. Unique.
People freezing to death will still be there if there were no billionaires. One has nothing to do with the other.  You will not be richer if someone else is poorer
Sure,but i think their contributions are unique enough to appreciate them both without comparison.
Same result. I don't care if it is an attractive stripper. I wouldn't be hanging around because I wouldn't want my face associated with the event.
You realize this exact same thing has happened with the sugar industry and the “fat-free” movement, right?

Nothing is perfect but don’t just give up because of that.
Unfortunately, this will all just end up as soundbites on Fox. 

I can't wait for the broken record sayings from my extended family next week of "they got caught."
I walk past chequers occasionally, a public footpath actually crosses the driveway a good 50ft in past the gate house.

Lots of room for tents on that lawn although i suspect the homeless wont be happy panhandling for trail mix.
Allegedly 65 seats were too close to call, whether that was the large SNP taking Vs a mix of Tory/Lib Dem/Lab in Scotland is difficult to know! :/
Fucking brilliant...
Despite the last few weeks I STILL have a family member firing off the Facebook diarrhea about witch hunts and fake news. And this is an educated person who is otherwise intelligent and competent. It blows my mind
For scarce resources? Yes you are.
Just announced: Pete to open his private fundraisers to the press. Announce names of all bundlers. 


[URL]
They wouldn’t be bashing it so hard if they didn’t think it was gorgeous and put Obama to shame. Liberal emotions go haywire when they have conflicting thoughts on something and it usually just defaults to making useless and confusing insults
my leather jerkin and knee boots are a bit snug; but once more into the breach fellow rebels! 
😂 a 12 day old account telling me; someone who has posted centre right views for the last 8 years that I’m a concern troll.

Shouldn’t you be studying for your exams after Christmas?
Ahhh yes. It's definitely not the business's fault for exploiting immigrants by paying them less. It's those filthy (((Democrats))).
What a fucking idiotic meme. No wonder the left want to ban memes.

What has the symbol for communism got to do with the GOP?
"I don't care if you're black, white, straight, bisexual, gay, lesbian, short, tall, fat, skinny, rich or poor. If you're nice to me, I'll be nice to you. Simple as that!"

Eminem


My jokes include all slurs regardless of creed

Edit: some of you seem pretty miserable to be around. Learn to laugh at absurdity and you’ll be a lot less triggered by it.
We'll be able to overthrow capitalism better if we have a home, money to live off of and some semblance of security rather than all being homeless and destitute with the many, many problems that come on both an individual and collective level with that. 
I caught him on one of the DWP sick claimants' threads slagging this sub off and calling it a 'slimepit'. Everyone in /r/unitedkingdom would appear to agree; the sound of them all wanking each other off is literally deafening. 
This is why the insurance lobby I’m guessing will do everything possible to stop this transition.
Even though she didn’t have to pay for this ridiculous test,  insurance companies have a lifetime maximum amount that they will pay. This will go against that limit. If this was me I would fight to have this amount removed. This is blatant theft.
This is a stupid game to dismiss people's problems with pelosi, but now I'm curious. wtf happened in 2011, and how are we trending more conservative now? Seems like a faulty scale in the first place.
Trump won't care about contradicting his stance on Iraq. He's flip flopped on every issue ever debated. The only think he's wary about is his reelection chances and how invading Iran might damage them.
[Btw, Comey's perjury before Congress]([URL]) exposes the fact that his bombshell "memos" that have been plastered at the top of Reddit the past week are CONTRIVED.

WaPo ran with the fake story, proving their complicity in this criminal coup to overthrow the legitimate US government.
They were saying no trump, no wall, no usa at all. I watched all the videos on this page. One chant is inaudible the other one is clear as day. 
She's a gigantic fucking problem. You can't fight your enemy if your own body is riddled with tumors.
Trump will fire Robert Mueller, Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell will mumble something inaudible, and that's how this will end. Vote in 2018. /grumpy
The chubby twat with the beard even looks a bit like the John Duggan character from series 3.
The irony in your post is deafening
They convicted him on taking the picture, pretty sure they ignored the murder of a civilian,merica
Consumerism did fine while China was starving itself in the 50s and 60s, so I don't think your grasp of history is quite sound.
The overwhelming majority of immigrants who come to the US come for the opportunity. They may be under-educated on US politics, but their goals for the US aren't that different from the rest of us. We'd probably be better off if they were allowed to register to vote.
theres hundreds of deeply conservative judges with spotless records who he can choose from, who arent accused of sexual assault by multiple people, and dont come off as a drunk frat boy.
Yeah, it's pretty understandable why some people would be wary of random phone calls claiming to be doing a survey asking if and how many guns you own. Might as well be asking how much expensive jewelry is in the house and where you store it.
I'm not sure how it can even be legal. How does a politician get away with literally saying, "He's not guilty, but we need to paint a picture until the public thinks he is"

It's horrific and a little bit scary.
Wow now they're all saying the quiet part loud, but kind of terrifying but also kind of great....
I was asleep.  It was like 2 am in Russia! 
Big tits on a fat bitch is like a frail man with abs.  It’s not at all impressive or difficult to achieve.
I mean, there's enough of a consensus here that markets = good that I'd bet a large portion of the sub would oppose it.

But from the reception Pete's plan to outcompete health insurance companies gets here, I think this hypothetical stance would get more support than Bernie's current plan
He's a useful idiotic agent of Russia
In shocking news, 65% of children in America are overweight or obese. Doctors attribute this to...

Fat ass: "we can do better."
Unpopular opinion: this makes people more annoyed than [URL] the staff who have to go around and change it back to something neutral
Be quiet when adults are discussing politics.
Source?

All I know is that he took sick Americans to Canada to buy insulin because it is 10% of the cost there.  

Feel free to link what you're purporting.
That's awesome when we know exactly who it is just by referencing, attractive ICE officer.
From the crowds he's attracting I'd say he actually stands more of a chance than Carl of Swindon. Considering the BXP candidate used to be a filthy communist, he's in with a shot.
Sensenbrenner needs to dry clean his suit.
Valid concerns. Too bad they won't get satisfactory answers.
He's not, it's a bit more complicated you know.

The resources to do it are depleted, to say it subtley.
 Andrew Sullivan persuaded me that gay marriage would settle down gay culture and they would live quiet happy gay lives.

The left never stops, no matter how much you give them, they will always ask for more.
Yeah, that shit was so transparent. I hated the whole thing
32D Hungry Hungry Hippos!

Lmao this is your brain on Sean Hannity.
That’s pretty gay...

^(Edit: and that's okay)
You mean like the American flag being plastered across purses, t-shirts, beach towels, caps, umbrellas etc. in just about every country on fucking earth?
Music was too loud and made most of what they were saying inaudible (aside from the accents), and the newspaper/webpage headlines were scrolling too fast to read.

4/10.


Not Greg Knight MP approved.
Sanders comes off as intelligent though .
I heard that the incidence of babies being born without brains, and with brains *on the outside of their heads,* was drastically higher where depleted uranium rounds had been used.


This is unutterably horrible. Radioactive shit should be just. plain. left. alone.


Forever.
This is basically my feel on it. I mean I still get wary around tankies but there is overlap either way I guess.

Aside from that, allies are allies imo, and the more different leftist sects unite to accomplish their overlapping goals first and foremost, the better things will be for everyone.
By not quitting their last job until they've found their next one, and living below their means in order to build a rainy day fund.  I ate ramen for a year and red beans the year after in order to do this.  As well as sharing a 1000 sq ft apartment with 4 people.
Obligatory "Are we SURE that's a ringing endorsement?" joke.
Duplicate content. Post removed.
So sick of seeing this retarded citches face
Why though? If she's so unflappable, have a public exchange of ideas.
This guy needs to calm down, you're just gaslighting dude no need to have a conniption.
soggy wet tortilla. hes a perfect example of what the democratic party needs to purge. a gladhanding career politician who  has failed to enact any change and can be credited w getting trump into office
But my feelings about it are very strong, so it doesn’t matter that it’s an astronomically unlikely way to die, far more so than irate cows, or stray dogs, or a fire started by a faulty space heater.
With a howitzer barrel gun type weapon is doable with plutonium. The Thin Man design.
Space is unimaginably huge, and empty, and deadly. No air; sizzling hot in full sunshine and far below freezing in shadow; bathed in intense ionizing radiation; falling alone forever. 

In space Trump would still be bad for the environment. 
While claiming the actual values Jesus pushed (Charity, helping the destitute) are liberal bullshit.

There's nothing in the "Christianity" of the right to make it worth following.  It's just a second Islam biding it's time to turn us into another Saudi Arabia.
My sister lives in CO. She and everyone she knows fuckin haaaaate Cory Gardner. She told me his official facebook page is plastered with tons of people saying "we're gonna vote you're ass out," I checked, and boy she wasn't kidding.
Very dark times at [URL] DOS, DHS and many others.
That's what I've heard. I have a family member who works in the Portland area and loves it. The photos they've taken from driving around Oregon are breathtaking. Absolutely gorgeous country. 
It's amazing how quickly they go from calm and rational to straight rabid.
**AUTISM ENGAGED:** Judging by native balsamic vinaigrette soaked Brie de Meaux, stuck between her teeth, I believe she is posting from the Covfefe La Rue on the Avenue des Champs-Élysées in Paris. 


Oh, sorry, my bad. That's just tartar. 
Either that or you're broken

Given the sea-lioning, I'm inclined to think the latter but I like to give people the benefit of the doubt.
Actually, it can. Quite efficiently and tasty too.
The projection is truly stunning as the majority of socialists are under 30
I just get anxious and annoyed with Harris slow speaking style with pauses, is that just me?
He won't, but that doesn't mean he shouldn't be impeached. We've actually never convicted and removed a president from office (though it likely would've happened to Nixon if he hadn't resigned).
He knows he gets to sniff Trump's dirty underwear after this as a reward for being such a good boy.
If this is all going on with Ukraine, I'm frankly scared to even have us overturn a few rocks and see what's going on in other nations like Belarus, Georgia, Azerbaijan, etc etc. If memory recalls, they all have some pretty significant cells of pro Putin/Soviet influencers as well.
I know. This video of him with Sleepy was whipping around Twitter last night.

I decided it deserved memorialization.
Hahaha that's too perfect
I can get to that. One final question, Do you think 18 is an adequate age to allow these peoples to exercise their franchise rights (vote)?
Ok this is pretty funny
None of those routes go through Bulgaria. All the first image shows is that African migrants arrive in Italy, Spain and Greece from Africa. Brilliant detective work there.
eeeeh, not really.  There's a pretty big difference between even GAAP financials and tax financials.
I'm tipsy on the way to drunk just like Hill is on the way to the nom!
He seemed as annoyed as I was at these questions. They were mostly totally bullshit but he's going to get a lot of them. Hopefully his campaign can use this to workshop quippy and fast responses.
Sleepy Ben is a HUD lion and a great asset in this administration.  The Left, predictably, calls him an Uncle Tom. If the Left didn’t have identity politics and race baiting they’d have nothing at all. 
Cafeteria4All!

I'll have you know that some kids like going hungry, they bargained with their parents for their lunch. Why should those kids be forced to eat food?
S l o w l y _ s h r i n k i n g. So slowly no one can tell any difference. So slowly it looks exactly the same as before,  you have to be a climate scientist to the imagine the tiny difference.
They're predicated on the short memorable password you jumble up with some numbers rather than the actual secure concept of having a really long password.
Impeccable standard


Something applicable to maybe 3/45 presidents but more likely 0/45.
Trump is a "dirty rotten lying sack of shit" in much the same way the ocean is "damp".
People should not be discriminated against based on their religious beliefs. That includes a lack of religion. 

That's not giving special considerations to religious people, it's just basic freedom of religion, which must be inshrined in law.
ahaha, I’m a teenager living In Melbourne. if we are talking about stereotypes you are probably an obese, fat pride supporter wearing a rainbow flag t shirt. protesting outside of your San Francisco town house with the rest of your buzz cutted lesbian chain gang.
Do you know anyone who answers their cell phone when its a mystery number and then just chats for a while?

Keep calm and donate. We got this.
My horrific future self is still less terrifying than the idea of Trump or Tulsi or a Green.
Well then, they most certainly won’t get my vote.  Babies are coming folks, they won’t stop until every last one of us is miserable and old /s/😂
The intelligent public who voted for brexit? Well colour me surprised.
Wait til the hordes start pouring over the gated communities....
